5 more Covid-19 cases in Wake county-WRAL
Just reported on WRAL's Coronavirus special tonight. It's on their website but I'm on mobile and can't link. All cases tied to the Biogen patient visit.
https://www.wral.com/five-biogen-workers-in-rtp-test-positive-for-coronavirus/19002083/
Please let everyone know that tailgating can transmit the virus.
I’m selling toilet paper for $30/Roll if anyone’s interested. Only quality stuff.
Oh chit!  Save me mike pence. Help me master leader trump !
Biogen?  _more like Vir-o-send amirite?_
Thank you.
I like the feeling of old dry leaves on my nether regions tyvm
You are thinking too small, $30 per sheet, now that’s capitalism.
We have our best men on the case. Our BEST. MEN.
Raking leaves this weekend. Stop by?
It's officially contained. Everybody relax. STOCKS!
I've got woods behind my house, my "strategic reserve"
Tremp, I'M TIRED OF WINNING. MAKE IT STOP

Gov Cooper declares state of emergency in NC due to COVID-19

my republican family members are praising Cooper for doing this.   gj, keep it up
Meanwhile our Republican Governor in TN is telling everyone they shouldn't do anything differently.
Seven cases and it is an emergency? Is this just to get emergency funding or something? I do not understand how this qualifies as an emergency.   In 2017 we had 3.8 traffic deaths per day on average. There were 51.5 deaths from heart disease average each day and 53.3 average deaths daily from cancer.   That doesn't sound right.  Edit: Thanks for all the downvotes you buttholes. At least one person actually answered the question.
What does that have to do with the article? Not trying to argue, I just don’t understand.
To be clear, Cooper isn’t doing much different.  In fact, I think he said he was still planning to attend the ACC tournament.  The SOE just lets them get ready for it to get bad.  To start planning.
3 weeks ago Italy had 3 cases...  [We need to be proactive](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/2020/3/10/21171217/coronavirus-covid-19-italy-hospitals)
Seven confirmed cases without widespread testing means more than seven cases.
As I understand it, a lot of declaring a state of emergency is about flexibility. It gives him the ability to re-appropriate funds, deploy the National Guard (for instance, to help construct testing centers), and request federal funds to help with any of the above. It’s less “this is a screaming emergency now” and more “this is bad and we need to move fast to deal with it”.
Contagious diseases that hold the potential to spread rapidly cannot be treated like traffic deaths and heart disease. Why do you insist on downplaying this?
I assume your name "PM ME YOUR BOOTS" is so that you can lick them.
there is a DEEP political divide in this country, and a lot of times the left refuses to acknowledge the right does anything good, and the right refuses to acknowledge the left does anything good  and despite partisan differences, cooper is doing the right thing
Also makes price gouging illegal.
See this is all I wanted to know. All these turds and their downvotes, sheesh.
So is that an offer? HMU bby.
Thanks for the clarification I appreciate your objective take on the situation
>the left refuses to acknowledge anything the right does good  They're probably a lot more flexible but this administration doesn't have a lot going for it
I think it's because you're comparing a state of emergency to things that happen daily.

COVID-19: UNC Carolina Performing Arts cancels all remaining ticketed performances for 2019/20 season

There are going to be so many people in the entertainment/sports/service industries out of a job over the next few months.  We are going to need to support each other in the coming months.
And DPAC is still only offering ticket exchanges for their shows, and the way it's worded it may only apply if you're sick.
We could also support each other all the time, moving forward, for forever.
Yup. Even in the best case, people are going to lose a month or two of work. But (non-pop) performing arts is a seasonal industry, so that's like 20% of their annual income.
This is a beautiful sentiment and one I strive to uphold.

Where does one get tested for COVID-19?
This is a serious post. I've heard that test kits are in short supply around the state (and by extension in the triangle), so I don't know if my local and regular doctor would have one, or if there is a centralized location just for testing?
We've tested less than 100 people in NC and have supplies for 700 more. It's in short supply and you probably won't get tested unless you meet strict criteria.  Call your doctor. You can also speak to a doctor via [https://startlivehealthonline.com/](https://startlivehealthonline.com/) or a few of the other telemedicine providers.   Edit: To be clear. DO NOT VISIT an urgent care or your doctor. Call first. \*Unless\* you are high risk and are dying because then you should call 911.
https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fihm2h/where_are_the_tests_coronavirus_update_from_sen/  This may help.
If you have flu-like symptoms, go to your doctor. Take precautions when you get there or call ahead of time. They may tell you to go somewhere else.
No, don't go to the doctor. Jesus. \*Call\* your doctor first.
Nephew, delete this.
Jesus I swear Reddit what folks “think” and unfortunately recommend to others scare me more than fucking corona!!!
Seriously. Thankfully, downvotes help somewhat.

Duke University and Durham Mutual Aid in Response to COVID-19 Info Sheet


Wake County resident who tested positive for coronavirus COVID-19 attended Raleigh LEGO convention
Wake County says some BrickUniverse Lego Fan Convention attendees are at risk of exposure to the coronavirus known as COVID-19.A person who attended the convention on March 8 at the Raleigh Convention Center has tested positive, and had symptoms of the disease while she or he was at the convention.The Wake County asks anyone who was at the event from 2 - 4 p.m. on March 8 to call the COVID-19 information line at 919-856-7044.[https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241212696.html](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241212696.html)
I hate people.
They had symptoms and STILL went?  They just HAD to go see their precious LEGOs while knowingly putting thousands of others at risk?  What a piece of shit.
eesh, I was there before the 2-4 window they said could have been the risk. They had those big tables with legos all strewn about for the kids to play with. I'm sure those are a biohazard now. I think I dodged a bullet, but I am sad for anyone who was exposed at the event.  Thankfully it seemed to be significantly dying down by about 12 or 1 which is about when we left... that is unless it was just a lunch break.
Well, at least he probability didn't touch anything or have people touch what he touched...at a lego convention. We're doomed.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/consumeproduct] [Feeling a little ill, but still gotta consooooooommmmm](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConsumeProduct/comments/fjdl8s/feeling_a_little_ill_but_still_gotta/)  &nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
It is a slight possibility they were a symptomatic.
The article says they attended while showing symptoms
Just bc someone is showing symptoms doesn’t mean they know they have it. These symptoms are very common with just allergies.
The article says they tested positive

This is not a joke. If you test positive for COVID-19, please DM me

Um... you’re not going to try to get infected on purpose, are you?
That is my intention
Please reconsider.  You risk your life in addition to the lives of those around you. Even if you’re healthy and young, there is the chance of you becoming critically ill or worse. Those with “invisible” illnesses are high risk for death. This includes people who are sick and don’t know it. And you can’t truly know.
If I quarantine after diagnosis then I fail to see how I will be risking anyone's life but my own.   And that is my right, it is my body.
You risk the lives of the medical staff Uber would require you to see to test you, whom don’t have enough PPE. They’re also refusing to test a lot of people in your age group due to lack of resources. Only high risk cases are being tested. Without proof, Uber is likely to tell you to kick rocks. Is it worth it to risk dying when crappy people at Uber will just refuse anyways given half a chance?

A Wake County resident who attended The Millennium Tour 2020 at PNC Arena on March 13 has tested positive for COVID-19 and was symptomatic while attending the event.

>The person was at the concert from 8:20 p.m. Friday, March 13, to midnight Saturday, March 14. The individual had floor seats in Section 5 but moved throughout the crowd during the show.  >"Because the crowd was so mobile, it would be very difficult determine who came within six feet of the affected person for 10 minutes or more," said Wake County Medical Director Dr. Kim McDonald. "If you went to the show and spent time on the floor, you may be at risk of exposure."  >The Wake County Public Health Division has set up a special information line for people who attended the show or worked at PNC Arena on March 13. Affected Wake County residents can call 919-857-9375.  >Wake County is also emailing anyone who bought tickets to the concert to inform them about the situation advise them on next steps. At this time, the county does not believe anyone at PNC Arena outside of the above-mentioned timeframe was at risk of contracting COVID-19.
They should’ve canceled that concert. So many other events were getting canceled that week.
I feel like I'm alone in this but there should be some repercussions to the individual if they are showing symptoms and still insist on going into public.
You are not alone-- I agree! Not like publicly stoned or anything but there should be a fine, community service requirement... something. People need to stay the fuck home. Also, shame on Wake County for letting a big event like that take place. Our leaders need to set an example that this is serious.

Help UNC health fight COVID-19, we need PPE


COVID-19 Emergency broadcast?
I gotta say, I’m a little disappointed there hasn’t been an emergency broadcast to my phone (hopefully, YET) about the statewide Stay In Place order. Not everyone watches the news, but there are tons of people with cellphones. I was in California when they issued their SiP order and I ended up with several messages akin to an Amber Alert. I’m hoping it’s coming, but if not, here’s my public plea that this happens.Edit: added a word.
I got one Friday
Wake County sent one Friday. But that’s the only one I’ve gotten.
Everyone I know got one on Friday around 5:30 pm
I'm on the 211 text alerts and I get many. You text something that I don't remember to ~~86211~~ 89211 to get on that alert system. It is opt-in.
I also did not get one.
Orange County has sent out several through their OC ALERT system.
My husband got several I got none, we both use the same carrier and I have my alerts set to alert no clue why. Weird
Same
It's texting COVIDNC to 898211 for those alerts.
Thank you for the phone number clarification. I'll edit and update my post.

GoTriangle bus driver worked for days while sick with COVID-19. Here are the routes.

Raleigh is coated in tree pollen this time of year; maybe he thought his symptoms were allergies.   Regardless of the circumstances, we now have little pockets of people who have dispersed to create their own little pockets of infection in the following areas: Lake Pine = Costco area and/or the Trader Joe’s plaza?  Waverly = Whole Foods, WakeMed, Walmart area?   Since we are on a stay at home order, it’s likely that people are going to work, in essential businesses, when riding public transit. They encounter people in their jobs, who may get the virus, who go on to their homes and families.   This is community spread and it’s exactly what has happened and been modeled out.   Without opening the testing parameters and literally encouraging sick people to be tested, we will keep going down this rabbit hole.
I think before we start trying to burn the driver at the stake, or point fingers at GoTriangle and their benefits, we should take a moment to read the article.   "People with mild symptoms will not be tested. If serious illness develops, you should call your primary care provider. If you have trouble breathing, you should call 9-1-1."  This is why. If you have mild symptoms, you won't be tested. Which means if the pollen makes your throat feel weird, and you have no way to distinguish, you might not even think about not going to work. Mild symptoms are the same as any other flu/cold/allergies, until they're not  You can't get tested anyway, so we can't know for sure who may or may not be infected and who may or may not be spreading it in our communities. We aren't South Korea(mass testing), and we aren't China(full lockdown), which means this kind of thing is going to continue to happen until it essentially runs it's course.
I'm seeing several posts blaming a lack of sick pay, but at this point we have no idea whether this was the problem. Go Triangle does provide days off and sick pay for its employees, so it's unclear why this individual was still working. Perhaps he was out of sick days or, perhaps, he just didn't take his illness seriously enough. I think automatically putting the blame on Go Triangle's sick day policy is a bit premature. This person may very well deserve some or all of the blame.
How much sick pay does GoTriangle provide their employees?
This is a direct failure due to the bare minimum legislation we have for worker rights. If this country mandated paid sick leave, pto, etc. People are much more likely to stay the fuck at home when they're sick. Instead people go to work to simply survive.
Why the hell do people come to work sick? Especially now! I can’t wrap my head around this blatant ignorance. This is life or death for some people.
Anyone who even thinks they are sick and in an essential role needs to have 100% pay for as long as it takes to get a test (and then for a full quarantine period if positive), no questions asked.   Anyone still going to work should have their temperature tested before each shift, and again be sent home immediately and given full pay no questions asked for as long as it takes to be tested  (and again, for a full quarantine period if positive).  Until we do this, don't blame the working class people who feel like they still have to go to work. They don't get paid if they stay home, and we can't completely halt the economy during this, so anything less is implicitly demanding that people ignore symptoms and continue to work.
Get off your soapboxes about the oppressed worker in our capitalist society. Yes it is true but it doesn’t fucking matter right now. The oppressed workers are all going to die while you are arguing about sick pay instead of paying attention to what is important and changing your behavior immediately.  We are having a global pandemic caused by a virus that has never infected humans before and for which there is no cure! The infection rate and fatality rate are terrifying. People are contagious BEFORE they are symptomatic so this driver could have been shedding the virus for days. He probably caught it from a passenger.Driving a bus is a hazardous job, just like grocery store workers and hospital workers.  GoTriangle is our regional transit authority. They offer excellent employee benefits but they are being absolutely negligent, if not malicious, with their actions.   GoTriangle is governed by a 13-member Board of Trustees. The region’s principal municipalities and counties appoint ten (10) members to staggered four-year terms. The North Carolina Secretary of Transportation appoints three (3) ex officio nonvoting members. By law, the Board of Trustees is authorized to make decisions and enact policy for the agency.  GoTriangle enacted a ridiculous policy on March 20:  “GoTriangle will suspend all fare collections and ask all riders who are able to enter and exit through the rear doors of buses in an effort to support social distancing and reduce contact with frequently touched surfaces. GoTriangle ACCESS rides also will be free.”  How is this going to reduce spread? Are passengers sitting 6 feet apart?   They should have instituted a policy to take all drivers’ temperatures before and after each shift. They have a moral, ethical and public health obligation to protect passengers from each other and from the driver. They  need to be decontaminating surfaces multiple times a day. The virus lives up to 3 days on surfaces.   We are all fucked if this type of behavior continues.   Stop fighting with each other and take immediate action to flatten the curve.
Fantastic. That's the area that I live and shop in. It's 2:43am and I'm on Reddit because I've been unable to sleep thinking about all the needless deaths and afraid that I will die during this. I don't think I'll be sleeping any time soon.
It won’t run it’s course until we a) identify those infected so we can isolate them and stop community spread; 2) stay out of contact with infected people. Without mass testing and people who follow shelter in place orders this isn’t just going to disappear. There is no “running it’s course.”
Thank you.
I found a link to a pdf with 2017 benefits. Full time defined at 37.5 hours+ employees accrue a out 12 sick days per year and 12-24 vacation days depending on years of service. It's a pretty reasonable benefits package and it would be hard to attribute a lack of time off as the cause.  https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.gotriangle.org/sites/default/files/gotrianglebenefits.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwjhwOO798PoAhVRUt8KHd-gD_YQFjAAegQIAhAB&usg=AOvVaw0r611COYM1WexhF2GS7Xpk
From GoTriangle Handbook:  BlueCross BlueShield Medical GoTriangle pays 95 percent of the employee premium for medical.  Dental, vision and individual group life insurance. GoTriangle pays 100 percent of the employee premium for dental, vision and group life insurance  Paid sick leave
They'd have to mandate a reasonable amount of paid sick leave. 5 days of PTO for EVERYTHING isn't enough.
Don’t go to work = don’t get paid = can’t buy food/pay rent = starvation or homelessness  Not saying it’s right, but everyone’s out there trying to survive.
The problem is that one who has this virus can transmit it _before_ they are symptomatic.  Pollen making you sneeze?  Transmitting virus.
I am sorry you're getting down-voted. A lot of people don't see the big picture.
> Anyone still going to work should have their temperature tested before each shift, and again be sent home immediately and given full pay no questions asked for as long as it takes to be tested (and again, for a full quarantine period if positive).  I am an essential worker and while this is invasive, I have no problem submitting to daily temperature checks because it preserves public health.
Yes getting people to stay home is extremely important.  Passing public policies that encourage staying home, such as policies enforcing a certain amount of sick leave, can go a long way in making sure people stay home.  Complaining about people supporting sick leave as 'distracting from what's important' is kind of ridiculous given how much things like sick leave help incentivize exactly the kind of behavior you are encouraging with your post.
It absolutely matters, now more than ever.
That's not what's likely to happen.  Given how little we're testing, we're eventually going to hit the point where enough people have been infected that herd immunity kicks in and knocks down the R0 (the rate at which a person who is infected infects others) below 1.0.    There's no other end game here.  We missed our opportunity as a country to do the traditional identify and isolate method of containment.  At this point, no amount of testing can help, all we can do is slow the spread so that, while the same number of people are affected overall, the *rate* of infection allows our hospitals to cope.  That's why we're doing shelter in place - not to stop the spread, but to slow it enough that we don't have bodies lying in the street outside hospitals.  So yeah, it's going to run its course.
I mean, letting it go unchecked is it running it's course, it's just an absolutely awful course for everyone involved.  (I hard agree with you on all of these points, I just wanted to point out that getting upset with the driver and company is still not addressing the actual issues keeping us in this mess.)
“Paid sick leave” could mean literally anything. They could get 1 day of sick pay a year for all we know. You might not qualify for sick pay at all unless you’re a full time employee who has worked for a certain amount of time with the company.
Welp, after all this rolls over it's time to apply for work at GoTriangle. Those are some tasty benefits.
And possibly killing 100 people in the process. Down vote me all you want, if your family member dies because this asshole went to work with known Covid symptoms then maybe you’ll see my point. I work in a hospital and they check our temperature every day at the door, and this is why. If I went to work and my patient caught it and died, I couldn’t live with that guilt.
It is absolutely inexcusable for this person to go to work sick during a pandemic. It is also inexcusable that GoTriangle is not screening the drivers every day during a pandemic when they are entrusted to drive thousands of unsuspecting people a day.  GoTriangle offers the following health related benefits:  From GoTriangle Employee Policy:  GoTriangle demonstrates our commitment to our employees through our comprehensive benefits program. The following benefits are available in accordance with policy.  BlueCross BlueShield Medical GoTriangle pays 95 percent of the employee premium for medical.  Dental, vision and individual group life insurance. GoTriangle pays 100 percent of the employee premium for dental, vision and group life insurance  Short-term disability GoTriangle pays 100 percent of the employee premium.  Long-term disability Voluntary benefit option. Employee pays 100 percent of the premium.  Sick leave  Wellness program/gym reimbursement  Employee Assistance Program (EAP) *****
what’s the big picture for someone who will lose their home and not be able to feed their kids if they don’t work? Hate to break it to y’all but we don’t have mandatory paid sick leave in this country.
Wow... never seen someone so blind to their own ignorance before.  This person is Not Right AT ALL. The fault lies with the system that shames people for not going into work because they are physically ill. It’s the system who set up sick as being “your fault” and “your own problem”  Americans have one of the Worst workplace environments out of any first world business economy.   That poor driver was just as scared of Not Working as they were DYING.   Please. Please let that last statement sink in.... and then judge who is at fault.  Edit: Comment is 27m old and it didn’t age well..... I was the one blind with ignorance. Sorry.  See my below comments.
Not the person you are replying to but I agree with them. You seem to be arguing that testing will not slow the spread. I disagree. I think having a positive test will make it substantially more likely a person adheres to distancing and self-quarantine. This is especially true for people like a city bus driver who probably can't afford to stop working.
One of the issues keeping us in this mess is community spread. People exposing others in the community such as this driver are directly contributing to the length and difficulty associated with this mess. I think it’s reasonable at this point to expect better from others in our community, especially those considered essential workers. I am equally if not more frustrated FWIW with people who don’t even have a good excuse (such as this bus driver presumably did— to support a family) and continue to leave the house. For instance at the park near my house people still play soccer almost nightly. Or the guy across the street from me who operates an Airbnb and continues to book to people from places like NY and CT. It’s selfish. Individual actions like this lead to exponential consequences. Calling someone out for putting a lot of people at risk is addressing the issues keeping us in this mess, because community spread is keeping us in this mess.
Exactly. I get 5 days of PTO a year. That includes sick, vacation, bereavement, jury duty, you name it, it all has to be covered by 40 hours of PTO PER YEAR.  ETA: My PTO doesn't start accruing again for the year until April 1, either. My employer decided to change that for this year if we get sick with coronavirus, but normally it's April 1 - April 1 no matter what your start date.
This is a way bigger issue than what you’re boiling it down to. People going to work sick has been an issue for a LONG time. For a large majority of Americans, they really have no choice but to go to work sick, because if they don’t then they won’t be able to afford to feed and house themselves and their families. You’re totally right that given the fact that there’s a literal pandemic going on right now that it’s not responsible for this person to have been at work sick, but don’t you think your anger is a little misplaced? Shouldn’t the blame be placed more on their employer who didn’t offer them sick leave or any choice BUT to show to up to work sick? I know plenty of people right now who are still out working and have been told over and over again that unless they have a positive test result that says they have coronavirus, their asses better be at work or else. I totally understand where you’re coming from, but it’s not as simple as you’re making it sound.
There are people who \*need\* something to happen to \*them\* before they \*know\* something's serious. Because it ain't true if they don't \*personally\* experience it.
You should not be getting downvoted. People are not understanding the severity of this and by the time they do it will be too late. Thank you for working in a hospital!  #flattenthecurve
This isn't any other time. We're in a special situation. Driver could very well tell his management what's going on and management could potentially find a way to help both the driver and to protect people on board (and subsequent others).  That's the problem with society; there are many posters here who're probably in the same situation as the bus driver and it's all about \*you\* and \*your family\* and \*your money\*. What about the 10 people who get on board to spread it to 10 others each who spread it to 10 others each? And say, 1% of those people \*die\*?  Does that matter at all? Or are you just worried about \*your\* (1 person + 1 family) situation?  See also: TP hoarders.
Per the other comments in this thread, GoTriangle drivers have paid sick leave.
At what point in this article does it say they were forced to work and wouldn’t get paid? This entire thread is speculating something no one knows. Sure, maybe they felt they “had” to work to feed their children and pay rent, but we don’t know that. Y’all are all bitching about something that may not even have been the case.  But what we DO know, is this person knew they had symptoms and came to work and possibly contaminated 100’s of people. That’s a fact.
Read my reply to NoLanterns.
I think the point is that if symptoms don’t show up for like 5 days, and we only test those with symptoms, then testing will always be behind the spread.  We can only slow it down at this point.
Calling someone out for putting a lot of people at risk is valid. Also being upset with the people around you for not listening is also valid.  This disease takes 5-14 days to start showing symptoms, and you can spread it without being symptomatic. So to stop community spread the only option is either, A. Test Everyone, or B. Cancel essential, and force everyone to stay home until we can test everyone.  Calling a person out who probably thought it was allergies until it suddenly wasn't is expecting people to know they're carriers when literally no one is able to know that without testing.   Here's my question, which person on that guys bus 5-14 days ago gave him the virus, and how many people had been in that bus BEFORE he was symptomatic?   Pointing fingers at this guy like he's the bad guy is understandable, but imo misguided.
Jeez 5 days total? That's absolutely awful :(
I see your point and as a healthcare worker, I’d get in more trouble for coming to work right now, so yeah, I don’t understand that people get in trouble. Shame on the employers.   But to defend myself against all the people who disagree, we’ve watched this virus explode across the US and the entire country is  saying to stay home if you have these symptoms, and then someone goes to work and possibly contaminated bus loads of people for days. How is that ok?   It’s like the guy who went to the nursing home with symptoms and got like what, 16 people sick? That’s a lot of possible deaths contributed to just 1 person.   And also to reiterate, screw those employers who force people to come to work. It’s ridiculous that jobs are still treating people that way during a world crisis. But also think of all the people who will get sick from this contamination, they’ll miss work and lose money also.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/covid19_commentary] [GoTriangle bus driver worked for days while sick with COVID-19. Here are the routes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/COVID19_commentary/comments/fs5di9/gotriangle_bus_driver_worked_for_days_while_sick/)  &nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
No one on this thread has said or implied any of what you’re saying.
Agreed— one day at work with symptoms, eh maybe. Could have thought it was allergies or something. But 3 days. Sorry, say what you want about a lack of sick time, that is inexcusable. He knew he was sick. In the middle of a pandemic. Didn’t care. Went to work and exposed hundreds of other people. We are all trying to survive, this is true. Dude just stepped on hundreds of people in the process. He had sick benefits. He did not have to expose and potentially infect all of those people for 1,2,3 days. That’s 24 hours of time and bus loads of people. I wonder how this man would feel if his child’s bus driver had CV for 3 days driving his kid around. He didn’t stand to lose any money by taking sick days since he had sick time so that’s no excuse. In general I do agree that a lack of sick time is a huge problem in this country but in this particular case he made a selfish choice and now many, many people in our communities will suffer for it.
That is very true. I was speaking from an overarching sense of how the workforce has been treated, and how it is showing the class rift now, more then ever.   But to be fair, and 100% truthful, I looked up the GoTriangle employee benefits and they provide ample vacation AND separate sick time, that is accruable by the paycheck.   If that is the case, you are correct. This is extreme negligence.   https://www.gotriangle.org/sites/default/files/gotrianglebenefits.pdf  (Reference)
I am not pointing a finger at anyone who could have not possibly known, or even at him for all of the days that he was probably contagious and asymptomatic. I am pointing a finger at someone who did know for at least 2 days that something was not right and perhaps he should stay home. Regardless I'm not exactly getting riled up about it. I think dude should have stayed the fuck home at the first hint of *any symptoms* but beyond that I'm not gonna pick a fight over it on Reddit or show up at his house with pitchforks. He should have done better and he didn't. That sucks for him and it sucks for us. I'm just going to continue to stay in my house because there are a lot of people who don't seem to understand the urgency of the situation and that's the only thing I can control.
Yeah, I'm not a fan. Everything else about the company is fine, I like the people I work with, I get paid moderately well (though I always wish I were paid more), the benefits are good... other than PTO.
I never said that it’s okay. I don’t think anyone should be going out unless it’s absolutely necessary and doubly so if they’re displaying symptoms, but again it’s not that simple. There’s only so much anger you can put on a person who is set up to fail.
It's not always what's said but what's not said. Gotta read between the lines and know what people are implying indirectly. ;)

So my wife was given a rejection letter for a job she interviewed for in RTP. Though it said "another applicant" might it be really over COVID-19?
I've been more active on r/raleigh but here but I should introduce myself. My wife and I are both late 30s, currently outside Boston, tiring of the expensive and stagnant nature of that area, and just wanting to make a change. It helps that her field has a decent number of jobs in the Triangle and that my employer has a presence as well.We visited for a few days a few weeks ago, right when stuff hit the fan with COVID-19, and fell in love with the place. It so happens that she had an interview lined up after we booked our travel that was shifted to Skype after things blew up. The other day, she gets a rejection letter saying they were proceeding with "another candidate". I'm wondering if that's a boilerplate term left in place rather than "hell no we're not hiring in a pandemic". Said company she interviewed with is not far from Biogen's RTP office and they had that outbreak after that conference in, ironically, Boston.At the same time, how can she move forward with our plans to relocate? Will the job market in her field (medical/surgical device regulatory affairs, bordering on pharma) recover once the pandemic dies out? It would suck to be stuck in an area that is becoming more and more annoying to live in. Please help!
North Carolina is a Right-to-Work state. Boilerplate is what you're going to get, no matter what's on the mind of the hiring manager. And regardless, "from an area with an outbreak" is not a protected class under the law.  So, overall, I don't know that your title question ultimately matters.  I've found that most local businesses are reticent to hire non-locals for work. Since there are plenty of locals looking for jobs, why take the extra risk of hiring a non-local?  So if she doesn't need the job here to move here, it might be better to move here and then look for a job.  As far as her specific career, I know nothing about it so I can't speak to where the jobs for that field are. Since it's regulatory affairs, I would assume near the state capital or its largest city (Charlotte) would be best for that field. But honestly I'd think near DC would be even more viable, so *shrug*.
This is probably to almost certainly not related to your current location and COVID. That is standard language that could refer to literally anything; I got the same text when the company I interviewed with did go with another candidate - a lady who returned randomly and wanted her job back after 2 years. It's a shitty coincidence, but I would be very surprised if this was related to where you currently are.
It could have been COVID-19 related, or they could have found another candidate. I've received five rejections in the last week and a half that have been that they're closing the job req due to COVID-19 concerns.
You'll probably never know the real reason, but it's not far fetched to believe that it's COVID related. I'm involved in hiring for my department (I work in tech) and my company along with many others that I deal with have hiring freezes in place. We haven't done layoffs or rescinded offers like many others, but with fewer available jobs followed by a current and growing flood of unemployed people, this is suddenly not a good time to be looking for a permanent position.
It is an absolute horrible time to be on the job search. I got a job about 2 months ago, left my previous job to take a little time off (a week), but now my new job is being delayed because of coronavirus stay at home stuff and it is a nightmare. I was supposed to start last week. I am in a biotech-ish field as well.  In terms of your question -- you will never know and it isn't worth worrying about the minutiae. My advice (and take it with a grain of salt) is if you/wife have a stable job right now, stick with it because things are really really bad in all the cities, and will continue to worsen for a while. Ride out the storm, and check the (job) weather again in about 3 months. If you already have something with pay and benefits, do not F that up. Unless you are in some kind of horrible abusive situation at work or whatever, but I'm assuming that's not the case.
LMAO if you think Boston is stagnant you're gonna love Raleigh...  Almost all employers here are in a hiring freeze
My question was if they were really dodging what she was rejected for.  "Move here and look for a job" is an insane risk and one that we did once before with the advantage of family who had room at the time. I highly do not recommend it unless in a heavy boom area where getting a job would take days, not months.  She deals with regulatory affairs and document control in the medical device field, a field heavily concentrated where we are now and in the Triangle. And we want to be somewhere warmer with a saner cost of living so the Triangle it is. And unless you're ending up with the FDA, DC doesn't have that much plus DC is its own set of headaches (trust us, we lived there; I loved it, she hated it).
We just want to know when we should resume our search. It's like this pandemic has knocked everything out of whack and who knows if it ever will get back to where it was.
The company is under no obligation to tell you why she was rejected. She was fortunate to receive what she did.
Oh I agree, it's an insane risk and one that I wouldn't personally take if one of you didn't already have a job in the area. Especially right now when people are getting laid off and furloughed left and right.  But you're kind of asking what's in the hiring manager's head, and...well...telepathy is only on TV :-)  Some reasons why they might have gone with another candidate: her accent, her personal appearance, that she's from up North, that she lives near a COVID epicenter, her attitude, that she currently has a job, that she currently DOESN'T have a job, her experience, the interviewers were having a bad day, she might be so good a candidate that the interviewers didn't think she'd stick around for long, the interviewers already have someone in mind for the job but are going through the "hiring process" to make it appear like they considered other options, she didn't send thank-you emails for the interviews in a timely enough manner, etc. It could even be that they didn't hire her for race, gender, or sexual orientation considerations (Protected Class, unlike all the others), but unless they're stupid that's not going to be on any paperwork anywhere.  What I'm saying is, with 20+ years of experience in the job market here in NC, and having participated in multiple hiring processes for incoming candidates, the question you're asking isn't really going to be productive. In North Carolina, you can be hired / not hired / fired for ANY non-Protected cause or for NO cause. And because of that, even Protected Classes aren't, because hiring / firing managers simply don't have to give a reason legally. HR in fact will frequently advise them not to.  So, were they dodging? Yeah, maybe. Does that help you in any way? Not legally. Will thinking they were dodging sour you on the area / that company? Most probably. Is that necessarily fair to the area / that company? No.  So with bitterness the most likely outcome down that line of thinking, what can you do to get what you want?  First, I would shitcan the notion that they're dirty filthy liars. Instead, I would have her ask the hiring manager what she could do to be a better candidate in the future. If the hiring manager has the time (or cares), they might answer. But understand: many won't, because there's a risk of liability to the company.  Next, I would just keep trying. Right now and the foreseeable future are shitty times to be looking for a job / a move to a new city, but she should keep trying and keep working hard to further her career goals and increase her skills and experience. Especially if she has a job where you are now, keep it and look for something else while still employed.
No one knows the answer to that right now.
Just keep on searching, no reason to stop now. Also, she's lucky she even got a response, a lot of times employers will just never respond. I've had interviews that I thought went very well, then been ghosted by the hiring manager. I always send a follow-up email after an interview and if they don't respond within a week or so, they're not going to respond at all.
This exactly. I've interviewed for quite a few jobs that I never heard from again.

North Carolina reports first case of coronavirus, NC governor reports

Keep washin' them hands, people!
"North Carolina has reported its first case of COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus that has slowly started to spread to the United States, the Governor’s Office reported.   The Wake County resident traveled to the State of Washington and was exposed at a long-term care facility where there is currently a COVID-19 outbreak, according to a release.  “Local health department officials are identifying close contacts to monitor symptoms and contain spread,” according to the release. “To protect individual privacy, no further information will be released.”  Really not a lot more there.
Take that Charlotte! We beat you!
Maybe the housing market will finally level off.
Well, fuck. That didn’t take long.     People, please wash your hands for at least 20 seconds with some vigorous soaping. Don’t cough on your hands. Mmmkay? Thanks.
Why can't i read this article? I gotta pay?
we're all gonna die
All the facts:  Arrived at RDU airport on Feb 22   Symptoms started Feb 25   Went to church in Cary Feb 25   Ate at soca in Cameron Village Feb 29   Likely lives in Wake Forest   Isolated on March 3 in his own home
North Carolina 2020 Election   [Primary Election](https://vt.ncsbe.gov/PPLkup/): March 3, 2020   [General Election Voter Registration Deadline](https://www.ncsbe.gov/Portals/0/Forms/NCVoterRegForm06W.pdf): October 9, 2020   [General Election](https://www.ncsbe.gov/Voting-Options/Absentee-Voting): November 3, 2020
When is it advised to start bathing in Purell?
As a reminder, washing your hands should take at least 20 seconds.
And don't touch your face!!!
Yea can we be told where they went when they got to NC?  Or how long they were infecting people here before they got caught and put in isolation?   Are they certain the person is being isolated or is that just the doctors recommendation and this person is wandering around coughing on people.
[The WHO’s video on washing hands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PmVJQUCm4E) is very informative.
Two happy birthdays
There was no pay wall for me, but the article says  >North Carolina has reported its first case of COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus that has slowly started to spread to the United States, the Governor’s Office reported.  >The Wake County resident traveled to Washington State and “was exposed at a long-term care facility where there is currently a COVID-19 outbreak,” according to a release.  >“Local health department officials are identifying close contacts to monitor symptoms and contain spread,” according to the release. “To protect individual privacy, no further information will be released.”  >Health officials say this is an isolated case.  >The U.S. Centers for Disease Control’s website showed 60 cases in 12 U.S. states of Tuesday, and a total of six deaths. However, media reports Tuesday afternoon said nine deaths had been confirmed, including some that occurred last week but were only now connected to the coronavirus.  >Coronaviruses are a group of viruses, the most common of which cause a simple cold. However, this new coronavirus infection gets down into the lungs, which can cause pneumonia or bronchitis.  >People usually experience fever, coughing and difficulty breathing, because it’s a lower-respiratory infection.  >The CDC and North Carolina health officials have urged people to take precautions — with a common-sense approach — in case of a potential outbreak.  >Officials will tell the public if someone in the state tests positive for the virus, said Dr. Elizabeth Tilson at a February news conference, The News & Observer reported. Tilson is the state health director and chief medical officer with the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services.  >If people become sick, they will be isolated at home or in the hospital, if necessary.  >In January, an airline traveler was tested for the coronavirus after landing at Raleigh-Durham International Airport but did not not have the virus.
They've now removed the firewall for their Coronavirus coverage
We all died in 2012 and everything since is just a bad simulation of life.
Bad bot
Now.
I know you’re joking, but I will say, Soap and warm water clean much better than any hand sanitizer.
You haven't been doing that already?
*pure... totally pure*
And if you aren’t sure how long that is, sing the ABC song to yourself as you wash! The whole thing takes about 20 seconds.
Public health authorities are backtracking their steps and are contacting people/locations such as those on the plane with the patient. However, my first thoughts were also: where do they live and what grocery stores did they shop at?  The patient will be checked on twice a day by public health authorities.
Arrived at RDU airport on Feb 22   Symptoms started Feb 25   Went to church in Cary Feb 25   Ate at soca in Cameron Village Feb 29   Likely lives in Wake Forest   Isolated on March 3 in his own home
Yes you are the only one.
two years, got it.
Alcohol, the active ingredient in hand sanitizer, inactivates viruses.
If you want total reassurance, sing the The Doors "The End"
Commonly missed areas are the back of the fingers and the back of the hand around the thumb
It's a different person, surprisingly
I’d rather people use hand sanitizer than nothing at all!

First North Carolina novel coronavirus case confirmed in Wake County

Time to see how this respiratory disease does in the Tobacco state.

The Coronavirus Hunter Is Racing for Answers in a Locked-Down Lab

Glad someone's working on it with decent foreknowledge.  Beware: the comments are cancer.
Fascinating. When you get a virus in controlled conditions, you can reproduce it a bunch of times and contain it. Then figure out what kills it by testing each set of viruses separately. It could be a day, could be a month. Imagine the patience you have to have to try to figure out a cure for a pandemic. Neat that it’s happening here, would be a lot neater if it was in Michigan or California or Arizona or somewhere far away where smart virus killers live. Edit: my reddit app wouldn’t load the whole article so I just read the headline and first 2 sentences.
Holy shit, you weren't lying.
Personally, I like having these kind of people around here.  You protect no home like your own.  Those labs are as secure as possible and NONE of the people working there want to risk taking it home, so they are very careful with Bio Security Protocols.

Chatham County man tests positive for coronavirus, NC health officials say

dude took a flight from Italy to the US *and then one to RDU*. this shit is here y’all

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, there is some confusion and misinformation about what is happening in North Carolina.Here are the facts as of March 9, 1:30 p.m.:**Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina**Wake County - Individual traveled from State of Washington, where they were exposed at a long-term care facility. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.Chatham County - Individual traveled to Italy and also had contact with someone who was confirmed positive in Georgia. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.In addition, an individual in Spartanburg, SC, who has tested positive recently returned from Italy through Charlotte's airport. There are currently NO reported cases in Mecklenburg.**Current Testing Roadblocks**NC has begun testing cases at the NC State Laboratory of Public Health, which allows for faster results (24-hour turnaround time).However, NC has not received the number of kits we had hoped to receive from the CDC. Two factors are making this a more critical situation.  * First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  * Second, the case in Chatham County will likely result in a need for more tests.The laboratory supplies we have on-hand from the CDC are only adequate to test approximately 150 individuals. Additional supplies en route to NC, however those incoming shipments will only allow us to test an additional 500 people, far below what is needed under the new CDC guidance. In addition, a small portion of our supplies will be earmarked to perform confirmatory testing for our state’s clinical laboratory partners – per federal requirements – while they implement their own testing for COVID-19.Our NC DHHS sent a letter to Secretary Azar explaining the situation and critical need for more test kits. They have been in contact with our federal delegation and have had communication with the White House.**Testing Outlook**Our NC DHHS signed an agreement with UNC on Wednesday and Duke on Thursday so they can begin testing\*.\* UNC will be able to start testing early this week. We are still waiting on confirmation for the Duke timeline. However, the shortage of testing kits from the CDC will also hamper their ability to test the number of people we should be testing based on the new CDC guidance.In addition, LabCorps will begin testing in the next couple of weeks. They have a 3-4 day turnaround time at this point. They will be using their own test so they won't be limited by the CDC supply issues. LabCorps will eventually help some of the volume, but it will take time to ramp up. Also, that turnaround time is a challenge because the folks that LabCorps test will need to stay quarantined 3-4x longer than the ones we test (assuming they're negative - positives will have the same isolation period). **State Preparation & Constituent Resources**Last month, Governor Roy Cooper established the COVID-19 Task Force to support the state’s ongoing effort to monitor, prepare for and respond to COVID-19.He also ordered the creation of the COVID-19 Helpline toll free at 1-866-462-3821. To ask questions online NC citizens should visit [www.ncpoisoncontrol.org](http://www.ncpoisoncontrol.org/) and select “chat.”**Requests for the Public**If and when community transmission accelerates, then slowing the rate of infection will be key to making sure our hospitals are not overwhelmed. Follow these recommendations not just to protect yourself and your family, but to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure that our hospitals don't get hit all at once:* Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.* Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.* Avoid exposure to others who are sick.* Stay home when you are ill.I will keep you posted as we learn more.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
Hi /u/JeffJacksonNC  Thanks for the update.   > First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  Are there any concerns about further testing for community spread? Other states are seeing this, so it wouldn't be surprising if this is happening here.  Per the NC DHHS there are three criteria for getting tested for COVID19 (Source: https://epi.dph.ncdhhs.gov/cd/coronavirus/COVID-19_Provider%20Guidance_030820_FINAL.pdf) :  1. Fever OR signs/symptoms of lower respiratory illness (e.g., cough, shortness of breath) in any person, including healthcare workers, who has had close contact with a laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 patient within 14 days of symptom onset.  2. Fever AND signs/symptoms of lower respiratory illness (e.g., cough, shortness of breath) AND negative PCR influenza test in any person with history of travel from affected geographic areas  3. Fever with unexplained acute lower respiratory illness (e.g., pneumonia, ARDS) requiring hospitalization where no source of exposure has been identified with, at a minimum, negative PCR influenza test.  These criteria are simply insufficient to contain community spread because they require you to be hospitalized before determining if you have the virus, or have been in one of the regions, or been in contact with a CDC confirmed case.   This leaves a HUGE gap in testing.  Does NC plan to do anything about this?
A representative who gives the public useful information? I’m so confused.
Hi Jeff,  Appreciate your posting here and your willingness to engage with constituents in general. I have one big concern that I would like to see the state of NC get ahead of:  Hourly workers are likely to have little to no sick leave/PTO available. It is unlikely that management is going to be considerate of circumstances and allow people to take time off when they think they’re sick. Are there any plans for the state to try to “guide” (or force!) businesses to allow their employees to actually take paid time off when they’re sick? There’s already been a case in DC where someone who was told to self isolate continued to work in a public facing job because he was *unable to take time off*. Obviously that is a huge liability. Do you have any plans for dealing with this kind of issue?
Why are Duke/UNC bound to use the CDC's testing materials, if LabCorps can use their own? Couldn't Duke/UNC rely on the LabCorps' / WHO's primers for preliminary testing?
Thanks for the update, Jeff. And one more thing - if you aren’t sure how long to wash your hands, sing the ABC song to yourself as you wash. It’s about 20 seconds long.
Thanks for this!
I'm freaking out about my in laws. They live in Sicily and they had a confirmed case in Napoli. her dad had a heart attack a year ago, grand father is in his 90's and grandma in her 80's. The hospitals in Sicily are complete shit too.
Why aren't we getting daily updates?
Is the testing still gonna cost $3000?
u/jeffjacksonnc   Sir, is there any word about the Chatham Co man in regards to the rumor that he was/is in contact with another Chatham county family with children who attend a local Chatham county school here?  Apparently both families children are good friends and play together.  Has the Health Department notified the school?
Thank you for the update. Much appreciated.
.  r/coronanc
Is this why Trump dumped 8.3 billion into a manufactured crisis? GOP corporatists (truly it's bipartisan) are at it again. Leave the politicians out of this and leave it to the medical professionals please!
I agree completely. We are dramatically under-testing and multiple avenues are being pursued to remedy this.
There will likely be legislation filed to address this. My best guess is that it will not receive a vote.
Now is the time when we *need* that law, but the time to pass it was 5 years ago, when businesses would have time to figure out how to implement it. It would need a specific trigger (like the Governor declaring a State of Emergency) and there would have to be some kind of verification process involved - because let's face it, any business that says "We're going to pay everybody even if they don't show up" might as well go ahead and announce that they'll be closed tomorrow.  What I mean is simply that it's a great idea and badly needed, but it's extremely difficult to plan and implement. Requiring businesses to do something like that in the middle of this situation would just result in chaos.
Fast food workers, grocery store clerks, ... these hourly jobs are ones that tend to interact with the public and could possibly spread any virus quickly.   This is an important question that @Denmarkkkk is asking.   Thanks!
LabCorp has an approved test process at an approved lab using approved materials, not a distributable product.      Duke and UNC could use the same technique to test samples, but until they have regulatory approval it would be illegal to use the results as a diagnosis.
another method of washing your hands for the appropriate time is to sing the numbers (in order) from 1 to 20.
Or sing the Happy Birthday song twice. Whatever floats your boat.
Those cities are more than 400 miles apart, similar distance from Raleigh to Philadelphia. Seems kinda far for freak out level. Perhaps concern level is warranted though.
As a North Carolina doctor, I can't be more supportive of any push to open up testing at this stage. Despite the amount of time we had between the epidemic in China and today, we seem to be caught with our pants down. The technology to do this is not earth shattering, and we have the lab equipment to do it in just about every major hospital, it's just a question of regulatory hurdles and enough drive to go outside the traditional approach.   If we don't control this thing by testing now, we will be controlling by quarantine in a few weeks time.
In the absence of any way to realistically close that testing gap soon, doesn’t it make sense for state level officials to make a statement on work from home and starting preventive quarantine? This has been out of control for weeks and short of large scale quarantine, there is no way to dramatically reduce spread. So many potential cases have gone through airports and thousands of college students will do so at the end of Spring Break. It doesn’t make sense either that CDC guidance has Japan at Level 2 but our own country had more cases. State officials really need to step up big time to make up for inadequate federal assistance. There is an election this November and we will all remember how this was handled state by state.
If today is not the day to cut red tape and efficiently collaborate to get those tests going... when is it? Ultimately, it's a basic RT-PCR screen. Undergrads are routinely trained to perform it in a week...
Or hum the chorus of the Yoshi's Story theme once. About 20 seconds. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nghTrcPBp3s
While I agree with you but the problem with Italy is that its full of Italians who think rules dont apply. When they heard about the quarantines they all jumped on trains and headed south.
Just to clarify, when you say you "can't be more supportive ..." you're saying you ARE supportive of it, right?
And lots of harm could be caused by false positives and false negatives. There's a reason the red tape exists.
Or whistle the intro to The Whistling Caruso.
that's how the phrase works
I read it in the negative sense initially; you're making a fair point.
The phrase means that it is not possible to support the idea more than you already do.
At what point does the harm of false positives and false negatives outweigh the risk to the public of uncontrollable disease spread?  And let's not forget, complex systems naturally develop red tape. That's simply what they do. Sometimes that red tape can save lives, and in other times, it becomes a burden. It's important to keep it in mind.  In my opinion, we have reached the stage where the existing ineffective processes are preventing us from mounting a rapid response necessary to prevent community spread. And asking an already certified, professional DukeU or UNC labs to use primers (or other reagents) *already approved for use in other jurisdictions (context)* is hardly a shocking idea.
But the phrase isn't deployed very deftly here. As written it could also mean, "I cannot continue to support ..." or "I can no longer support ..."   But good for you for jumping on the opportunity to be a snarky little shit.
hey thanks
That phrase should use the conditional tense, though (“I couldn’t care less”). This is written in the present tense, which is why it reads awkwardly.
1 false negative= a contagious individual not isolated from the rest of the population further spreading the virus  1 false positive= wasted resources isolating the unaffected individual and others who have been in contact with them
But the same can be said about every singly untested individual with coronavirus today!  Gladly give me a slightly higher risk of false negatives in return for being able to do many more tests.

Biogen asks RTP workers to stay home after coronavirus is linked to company conference

>Biogen has more than 1,000 employees in Research Triangle Park. The company did not answer a question asking whether any North Carolina-based employees attended the conference.  >The News & Observer has asked the state’s Department of Health and Human Services whether it is aware of any North Carolina-based employees who traveled to the conference, but did not receive a response by press time.   Seems important!

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing


Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Daycare is starting to become a concern. Some daycares are refusing kids whose parents work at certain heavily affected companies. Once it gets worse, the people who can work may not have anyone to watch their kids.
I'm currently on a 14 day quarantine from work due to a transfer through Tokyo-Narita airport on Monday.   Seems like the business community is taking it seriously even if the Executive Branch is downplaying it.  Thanks Sen. Jackson for keeping the public informed and aware.
Because someone who works on the same floor I do is married to someone at Biogen and I'd had contact with them recently, I was asked to work from home the rest of this week and monitor myself for any symptoms. It's a small price to pay to be safe.
Jeff, you’re a credit to democracy and give me hope for our future. Thanks for keeping us updated. I wish you were my state Senator
> There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).  @JeffJacksonNC, RTP and NC are the national leaders in biotechnology. What steps is our **state government** taking to fix the above issue? The required tests are not particularly complicated technically, and we literally have a lot of the resources we need to scale up production today in our back yard!
thanks for the update!
"its all being blown out of proportion" - literally everyone i talk to.  They say stupid things like its a hit agasint Trump "they" just want to make him look bad.   First off are other countries in on this? Italy shut down their country, are they in on it?   Did China halt production just to get at him also?  Other countries are being proactive. The US, well they just don't want to admit anything and do nothing. its more about Image and the Market. Will see how that plays out. They want to spend more on stimulus then actually containing the virus.   Why not just give 900 billion to medicare for all instead of a stimulus. The logic in some people is just amazingly dense.   I am not doom and gloom or do nothing and all is fine.  I am more i am aware and i am taking precautions which more people need to do.  Sorry people the world isnt in on this and the virus is not political.
Thanks, Jeff.  Flatten the curve!  https://thespinoff.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Covid-19-curves-graphic-social-v3.gif
 Hi - have you seen this study released today? 191 coronavirus patients (from Jinyintan Hospital and Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital) were studied. Survivors of the coronavirus had viral shedding for an average of 20 days. One patient had viral shedding (read: was contagious) for 37 days.  [coronavirus study](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(20)30566-3/fulltext)   Study also includes data on pre-existing health conditions and outcomes (surviving or death) as well as treatments and outcomes.
Thank you for keeping us posted and your communication with the public is greatly appreciated.  We have shared earlier information from you with our community.    I ask that people involved in making decisions for the community understand that there are children and teens who have underlying health conditions that are identified in the "at risk" population who attend very large schools in Wake County (identified cases) and other areas of the state. There is currently no data on the severity risk to this particular subset and parents are making the best decisions possible.  We are fortunate that our school is supportive but there is no doubt that others may not be as helpful.  Again, thank you!
>We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained.  With all due respect, it won't be. The USA bows to nothing but the almighty dollar. I may be extremely pessimistic about this.  My company heads (and likely many others that aren't big companies) are of the mind that we should catch the virus and get over it. That certainly outnumbers the people who work for large megacorps. To me that is insanity.  In the end, I expect the US population will be about 4% smaller in urban areas. People in rural areas are probably golden.
My office of roughly 100 people in Raleigh is making everybody work from home until at least the end of the month.  I hate it, but it's the right decision
This is one of those "All hands on deck" moments.   I hope everybody puts their political differences aside and get as many people through this.  If there was any time in the last 20 yeas we all needed to work together It is now.   I hope that the impact to everyone lives is minimized and the the CFR (Case Fatality Rate) is kept low.  I appreciate Senator Jeff Jackson's perspective and his mindset.  Everything that he has posted is valid and true as far as I can tell.  I'm not an expert but just someone who has kept track of this pandemic since the Chinese government quarantined Wuhan.   The numbers coming out of China are not accurate by at least a factor of 12   This is a nasty bug designed to kill people.   nCov-19 didn't not develop in nature. This is NOT the flu.   Please take this pandemic seriously and safeguard accordingly.    If this virus would have gotten out of BSL-4 facility in the US first it would have been devastating on a scale we haven't seen since the Civil War.   We have time to prepare and to mitigate the damage that this pandemic is going to cause.   We are only two or three weeks behind Italy.
Hullo! Recent Seattle transplant here... I’m glad Senator Jackson is saying this because what I’m seeing on social media from back west is pretty striking. Washington too ‘only’ had a handful of cases just a week or so ago... and then they actually started testing people more broadly and are now adding hundreds of new cases on what seems like a daily basis. From what the Senator said in his last update, it sounds like North Carolina is just gearing up to roll out actual broad testing and it may not have even started yet. I’m no epidemiologist, but it seems like we’re well past a point where we can hope to track all the individual people who may have been exposed.   Notes from Seattle - all my friends are essentially working from home at this point. My former coworker who lives in my old neighborhood tells me her commute is now 10 minutes, where it used to take me 45 minutes to an hour, because there are no cars on the road. Restaurants are making social media pleas for customers and one absolutely overwhelmingly popular place downtown just abruptly closed because of the impact. RIP the PB&J bites at Local 360, you were amazing.   There’s no benefit to panic, but like the Italian doctor immersed in the crisis just posted, also don’t blow the situation off completely. Remember just a couple years ago when the flu vaccine didn’t protect against that year’s strain and there was a lot of concern? This is maybe 10-20x more fatal than the flu with a much higher rate of hospitalization and no herd immunity, and it sounds like they’re still not 100% sure how contagious it is or for how long. You may not be at huge risk for hospitalization but the more it spreads, the more older folks, kids, and immune-compromised folks will get sick which we don’t want.
Jeff you forgot #4 THERE ARE NO THERAPIES.  No antivirals have shown to be effective against this.  Only things like steroids, and oxygen.
Thanks, Jeff!
Up to 9 cases now, one which was an indirect member of the biogen cluster. (ie did not attend the conference but likley caught it from someone who did)
Just to clarify the OP this virus isn’t containable. I understand why people say this, to prevent public freakout, but the whole if/maybe thing is a lie. It’s not. Plain and simple. No vaccine, no treatment, highly contagious, with a long incubation period to allow spread. It’s 100% not containable.
I would never vote for you, but I throughly appreciate the information.   A good politician is one that help all their constituents, not just the ones that voted for him. You’re do a good job at this
And a lot of those people are gonna be nurses and doctors.  The very people that we *need* to show up for work.
The people who can work, if they can work from home, need to work from home.   If they're hourly, service industry, or work anywhere that won't pay them while they stay home because of this, then we need to pass emergency legislation to cover their pay.
I know it isn't a long term fix, and certainly is more expensive, but a lot of nannies have been surprised-fired by parents who are suddenly at home thanks to being required to work from home. So there are presently a lot of nannies who are on the market and hire-able. But nannies are and have always been the highest end of the childcare expense spectrum. Still, if you can find the money and need the childcare, contact your local nanny placement agency to get nanny in your house to watch your kids.  Nanny placement agencies I personally recommend -- Raleigh: Notable Nannies / Durham: Select Sitters / Chapel Hill: Nanny Posse  Source: I've been a professional nanny in the area for a decade.
Yes the lack of daycare will have a ripple effect in the economy.  I have 3 clients.  Two of which are cancer centers.  Yes we can still tx patients but what I do or do not do will have a ripple effect for cancer care nationally in a small way (i work for the people who test/accredit some things related to cancer therapy).  So when my kid is here it will have an effect.  And every other tech person is in the same boat.  We're not really dispensable, work will just pause until we get online.   However that said I am thinking this is a 2 to 4 week thing max given China and South Korea.
That's honestly great. A company fully on board and functional with remote working employees is a win right now.  All you have to do is look at the larger /r/coronavirus threads for horror stories about employees who feel out of options.
> Because someone who works on the same floor I do is married to someone at Biogen and I'd had contact with them recently  Who asked you to self quarantine? I got this message from my daycare:  >We wanted to touch base with all of our families and let them know that we are very much aware of the situation with Biogen, the large company located in RTP that had five employees test positive for the Coronavirus. Fortunately for us, we only have a few families who work for the company. We contacted those Biogen families directly first thing this morning. After individually talking with those families, we can assure you that there has been no direct effect to any of them. It was also uncovered that the Wake County Health Department has been investigating the situation for some time. During their investigation, they have reached out to anyone who came into contact with the infected employees. We will continue to monitor this situation and make any policy changes necessary as we continue to learn more about this virus on a daily basis.
At this point, all companies should be having all employees who are able to do so work from home. I don’t see why not. All you’re doing by keeping people in the office is risking the virus spreading between your employees which will put a real damper on productivity
Washington State just had a test up and running that was working. Feds came in and shut them down on Monday because they were using a test that was working, but wasn't approved by the Feds. (last few paragraphs). Not sure how NC would be different.     [https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/10/us/coronavirus-testing-delays.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/10/us/coronavirus-testing-delays.html)
Working on this right now. Will update you soon.
Great question.
There is actually a local medical device company that has a rapid response test ready to go. It's an antibody test that's used alongside PCR tests to provide a full timeline of infection. It's already being used in China and recently got European designation so it is allowed to be purchased and used in the EU. Now the company has to get approval from the FDA to be used in the U.S., which if you are familiar with that path to market, it can be a long road. And, imagine how overloaded the FDA is at this moment.
States are currently waiting for FDA approval for utilizing biotech/other resources for testing.
One thing that may help people appreciate that this is a real problem is the concept of overwhelming the health care system. Those of us who are paying attention have heard accounts from places like Italy where people are dying in waiting rooms because there are not enough ventilators or beds or staff to care for all the patients.   Most health systems operate near or at capacity, and when you have a spike in patients coming in, the capability to provide adequate care may fall short. Social distancing measures to slow down the spread of the disease can help prevent overwhelming the system. This article has a helpful illustration of this concept:  [https://www.vox.com/2020/3/10/21171481/coronavirus-us-cases-quarantine-cancellation](https://www.vox.com/2020/3/10/21171481/coronavirus-us-cases-quarantine-cancellation)
Yep I’m seeing the same thing here from every trump supporter I know and some non-trump supporters  I hope when the smoke clears people realize the danger of an egotistical, uneducated, uninformed person running the country
I'm not super prone to conspiracy theory, but Trump fucking this up now and then blaming Democrats for the whole thing coming September or early November, would really get his base riled up and adament about suspending elections this year and just letting him continue. more lies can be made up over the next 4 years that his base will believe that then is when they bitch and want the Constitution to change to let Trump rule as long as he lives, and essentially any Republican replacement is the right line of power transfer if he dies or abdicates. Like Russia now and ww2. Like Nazi Germany, like ww2 Japan, like Italy at that time. Like NK now. Like most of the middle East since forever.  It was a boon to the current administration to do nothing right now in the hopes they can circumvent the law this fall and turn this representative Democracy into an authoritarian religiously motivated dictatorship. Like all those previously mentioned countries.  It took over 230 years for the merchant class who rejected the yoke of royalty and fought a big ass war to be separate, have finally gotten enough money and power that they feel bold enough to take that status themselves. To make them royalty to the masses. It's serfdom all over again, except with the master one step down the line from before, but serfdom none the less. You only exist to make their life more cushy and rich. Nothing matters about your life to them but how you work hard to let them live lavishly and never complain, no matter how poorly you are treated. Your only value as a person is how much money you have and how much power you wield. And if you have nothing you are as good as cattle, or pigs. Suck the most energy and production as possible out of you as fast as possible, and if you die, so what, someone can replace you. As long as they get to live like a king, so be it.
We can wash our hands and refrain from contact and disenfect as much as we can. But we still have to go to work, babies are going to daycare and kids are going to school.   Until our bosses allow us to work from home (for the industries where this is even _possible_ , service and manufacturing are screwed), until we can afford to take off work   regardless of remote work options, until schools start closing doors (which has a disproportionate effect on underprivileged students) and parents are actually home to take care of those kids...I feel like being more prepared is kind of out of the average person's hands at this point. I don't honestly know what more _we_ can do in this situation? And I also think that reality plays into the conspiracy theorists who deny that coronavirus is serious and it's an overblown hoax: they _also_ know this is out of their hands and are dealing with it by believing/spreading nonsense.
This is more digestible information then op's post 11th gd post on this subject... Thanks for posting and maybe he'll use this going forward.. 😁🤣
Holy fuck.
Death is  bad for business.  I wish I could disagree with your opinion but the corporate types have a mindset that is mercenary.   Mass death doesn't lend itself to a stable business environment.   Do you think that we are going to lose 13 million people.  I figured that we would lose 2.6 million.  How did you figure it out?
Invest in funeral homes.
That's not entirely accurate. There are a few [potential antiviral therapies](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/32023685/), though some of them do require more testing before they're widely used.
But you would never vote for him because....?
I was asked by my management (and my management's management) to WFH the rest of the week just as a precaution. For the record, I don't believe I've been exposed and I've talked to the guy in question and he assures me everything is fine. But that doesn't mean I still don't mind doing this. I'm thankful that WFH is even an option for me.
The two doctors I saw on Cooper’s news conference didn’t give me much confidence in the state’s ability to handle any of this. I am a details person, and each doctor separately made claims that were verifiably wrong through CDC and WHO. That was red flag number one.   Red flag number 2: Still no clarity or seeming sense of urgency with the availability and processing of tests, it seems!?  Please, please help us test on a large scale, and soon. The lives we save may be our own. Please get the testing truly rolled out in a vast and lightning-quick manner, with perhaps drive-thru testing and rapid turnaround. Please.
Tests might be straightforward, but the potential for litigious lawyers and government bureaucracy tend to slow these things down.
What's the company's name?
It's going great. Anytime now.
> Social distancing measures to slow down the spread of the disease  Yeah, my employer just tried to hold a meeting about social distancing measures... by getting us all into a conference room to talk about it.   Some people aren't very bright.
I'm a Trump supporter.  Hard core.  I'm taking this pandemic seriously.  This pandemic is as real as it gets.  I've kept track of this pandemic daily since the Chinese government quarantined Wuhan.  It is worse then it looks.  I hope that the administration works with whoever to get the country through this.  It was a good sign that Gavin Newsom and Trump are not fighting over this.  Nobody in the political class is served well when Americans are dying in great numbers quickly not to mention what is going to happen to the economy.  It is important everyone works together.  This pandemic is NOT an excuse to suspend the US Constitution.  Most of us Trump supporters are constitutionalists and would not accept suspending elections.  I want Trump to be re-elected not to ensconced in power for life.  For most Conservatives, Democrats are the biggest danger to this nation.   As much as I would like to address your TDS this isn't the time.   I want to live and I want you to live.  I want my family to safe and I want yours to safe as well.  It is important for all of us to put our partisan bullshit aside and get through this.   This pandemic is going to awful that no one currently alive in the US has experienced this kind of suck.
You're right. That percentage is probably high. China has \~3.9% fatality rate but we know that's high because of Wuhan. Italy has even worse at 6.6% but they skew older population than most. So if you were to disregard those two countries it looks like maybe \~1.9%. Still 5.2 million people if every single person in an urban area (\~84% of population) in the US got it.   [https://ncov2019.live/data](https://ncov2019.live/data)
I mean, in higher urban outbreak areas, the cfr is holding pretty steady at 3.4% so rounding up to 4% isn't unrealistic.  Some countries are holding the numbers down, but they're doing so by implementing serious testing and management before even the first viral case is detected, whereas the US is currently not bothering to test most folks because of supply chain issues and stupid politics.
> Death is bad for business.  Unless the death is by the elderly who aren't employees nor are likely to be customers. Then death is unnoticed by business.
So basically none yet.  Vaccine next year if we are lucky.
Not here to argue, only wanted to give praise where its due
We were asked to work remote till mid April. I’m going to go stir crazy
LabCorp is 7 weeks from having it up and running. (apologies, I shouldn't make blanket statements without sourcing them, I'm getting that from the former head of Medicare and Medicaid)   https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/1237081444117348354?s=20
People will die because of this. :(
BioMedomics - https://www.biomedomics.com/biomedomics-receives-ce-ivd-certification-for-its-new-covid-19-igm-igg-rapid-test-for-novel-coronavirus/ There is a quite a bit of press about their test
You’re preaching to the choir...it’s been incredibly frustrating to watch and wait.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8069  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
Constitutionalists, lol. All of it? I like you.
No, not really. We know that at least some of these drugs appear to have worked well in patients with SARS and MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome), the closest cousins to the current outbreak virus. We also know that they have a good overall safety profile. We just need more data from CoViD-19 patients to confirm. It’s not ‘basically none’, it’s “we think these will work, we’ve had some success, now let’s confirm.”
I work for a company that produces vaccines.  It is a slow process in the best of times.  A vaccine will mitigate you falling sick.  Once you have the disease you need some kind of antiviral drug.   With the R(0) value has high as this bug has next year a vaccine maybe a little late.
I'ma vote for him!
LabCorp is already running tests.  https://www.labcorp.com/information-labcorp-about-coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19
Qwest already has a diagnostic test.
Well, I’m the uninformed asshole. Thanks for the link.

North Carolina has more than 10.5 million people. And just 250 coronavirus tests left.

LabCorp, headquartered in Burlington will have commercial testing very soon.
We literally have companies in RTP, which are manufacturing quick tests for the virus, and sending them Europe. Yet, we are not allowed to use those tests... Something is seriously messed up.  Source: https://www.biomedomics.com/biomedomics-receives-ce-ivd-certification-for-its-new-covid-19-igm-igg-rapid-test-for-novel-coronavirus/
Why is the state relying on the federal government to provide the kits?
UNC also has developed tests.
/u/JeffJacksonNC you have promised us an update on the test scarcity...
Coordinated response so CDC public health has reliable estimates for how accurate the tests are?
Are they being used at the hospital?
Stating a fact is fear mongering?
This is willful ignorance.
Working on it.
While I appreciate us citizens holding politicians to account, let’s please not pile on Jackson simply because he’s the only one invested enough to constantly post and inform us here on Reddit.
I'm all for coordinated response, but if the feds aren't getting it done it would be good to see the state step up.
Asking someone a polite follow up question to a previous conversation is hardly piling on...
Yeah...Trump cuts CDC funding and then ...states try to do it all their own? But they can't access the same tests, because only one manufacturer, who doesn't get paid unless there's an emergency (capitalist healthcare?)...  So...they should use their own tests and  ..close state borders? Give up on trying to have a national response? ...not that it matters a whole lot at this point as we segue into pandemic.  Meh.  We have neglected our public health infrastructure for a long time and it HURTS when we need it :/ We show LD have had more tests out months ago...but that costs money.  /end depressed rant and thoughts
ah, now the college rivalry might be killing people. yay sports ball!  also sportsball is canceled.
Large portions of your post don't make sense.

"Where are the tests?" - Coronavirus update from Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/vm0669kotmm41.png?width=1200&format=png&auto=webp&s=0ee3c329dc270c5f7ad7ca58fc007fb2b9694b6fAs of March 14 at 8:00 a.m., the state of North Carolina has a total of 680 public (i.e., non-commercial) coronavirus test kits.So the big question is, “Why don’t we have more tests?”Here’s the situation:First, there’s a difference between “test kits” and “extraction kits.”Extraction kits = extract RNA (genetic material) from nasal swabs.Test kits = test RNA to see if it’s coronavirus.We started with a national shortage of test kits. That happened because the CDC - after rejecting the WHO kits and deciding to make their own - had a manufacturing error that allowed their test kit to produce false positives. So they had to start over several weeks in.To make matters worse, while the CDC was fixing their manufacturing error there were many other labs across the country (academic and commercial labs) that wanted to produce their own test kits. But they needed federal approval to move forward, and getting that approval took a couple weeks - a serious amount of time, given the prospect of exponential viral spread.It appears we are now seeing the production of test kits ramp up from both the CDC and commercial labs like LabCorp (which happens to be headquartered here in North Carolina).BUT that leads us to our second problem, and the current major bottleneck: extraction kits.Before you can test the RNA sample from the nasal swab, you have to extract it. Doing so requires a specific chemical. The majority of this specific chemical (called a reagent) is produced by one company with production facilities in Germany and Spain.And now that specific chemical is in very high demand. The whole world wants it.A few weeks ago, the FDA started allowing independent labs to develop alternate chemical processes for RNA extraction. It’s unclear how much progress has been made.So, looking now at the big picture, we basically have a two-track testing system: public testing, which involves our main state lab in NC using the re-manufactured CDC test kits (and in NC, we currently have 680 test kits) and then there’s commercial testing.Regarding commercial testing, we really don’t know how much is happening. The commercial labs aren’t required to disclose test results unless they’re positive. In North Carolina, we have LabCorp conducting commercial tests. In Charlotte, we also have our two major hospital systems - Atrium and Novant - now saying that they are going to provide “screening.” It’s unclear whether they are simply collecting swabs and sending them to LabCorp (where they may face the same extraction kit bottleneck) or whether they’ve developed in-house capacity to actually produce their own test results.But it’s important to note that BOTH public and commercial testing appear to be hitting a bottleneck when it comes to extraction.As a result, we are not screening nearly enough people.Ideally, anyone who displays flu-like symptoms would be eligible for a public test, free of charge. That’s how we would address this like South Korea and provide for wide-scale testing on the order of tens of thousands per day.But - due to the shortage - that’s not the case. Instead, the CDC guidelines (which NC is currently following) currently state that you have to 1) display flu-like symptoms AND have had direct contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case OR, 2) you have to display flu-like symptoms AND lower respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath) AND a negative rapid flu test.A simpler way to say that is we are currently rationing public tests because we don’t have enough capacity.Congress is now providing more funding specifically for these issues and commercial labs are reportedly innovating rapidly, but this is essentially a race against time and increasing our testing capacity within the next ten days is absolutely critical. It’s also possible that the window of opportunity for containment - at least in some regions - is now closed and we’re going to have to rely heavily on social distancing to slow the rate of infection.You should also know that in the process of piecing this together I had many, many conversations with state and local health officials and every single one of them was on the same page, knew exactly what the bottlenecks were, and were working the problem. These folks get it, and they’re working around the clock for us.More updates soon.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
Please, at some point, emphasize that ‘success’ (low incidence rates due to social distancing) looks the same as ‘it isn’t that bad, we shouldn’t have been freaking out’ low incidence rates. I think we are probably past the point of low incidence rates regardless but we may never have captured enough incidence because we don’t have adequate testing to really tell the full story, and I don’t want this situation to be considered a public health false alarm due to a misunderstanding of what success will look like.
That is the first time I’ve read a clear and simple explanation of this mess. Thank you Jeff.
Thanks for putting in work for us and keeping us informed Jeff!  The weaknesses in our supply chain have been exposed, again.
It might be important to note that it's not a single reagent that is in high demand for RNA extraction. It's the entire extraction kit.  Qiagen and a couple other companies make these kits but they couldn't have planned for such an exponential increase in demand.    I use similar kits at my work but for DNA extraction.  There's hundreds of different types of kits depending on what sort of sample you're extracting xNA from and also depending on what species/cell type you're trying to test.  As an example the extraction kits I use are $3500/12 samples, but they are very specific and I'd assume kits that are in higher demand could be much, much cheaper.
Jeff, you're my favorite person.  Thanks again for all the updates.  Have forwarded this post to all my local friends/family.
what leadership looks like ^
If we wanted to support you and your posts, because they are a great source of non-partisan information during times like this, how would you like us to direct our support?
/u/JeffJacksonNC great information as always! I would only add a reagent is not the specific chemical. A reagent is simply a term for an ingredient in the chemical reaction. For sake of completeness and correctiveness was just wondering if you could get what the specific reagent is?
What is the status of UNC testing?  I believe they have developed tests outside of the public system but I'm not sure if they rely on reagent shipped from Germany or Spain.
How many confirmed cases are there in Wake county right now?
If we were to drop our aversion to using the previously offered WHO test, how quickly could we be mass testing (and extracting I suppose) to get results?
I hope you stay in NC politics for years to come, having such an accessible and caring representative is a breathe of fresh air.
Thanks, Jeff! This update was very informative.
Thank you for your openness and leadership during this difficult time, Senator.  /edit
How is social distancing going? I feel like we’ve been told it’s important but then work is still open, schools are still open, mall is open... I don’t think a lot of people feel a sense of urgency about it. There still hasn’t been clear instructions like yeah, we’re definitely doing this, stay home.
Any idea why the US decided to decline the WHO tests?
wow. Jeff! I'm so impressed. Thank you for being a leader in this time. We need one.
There are plenty of assays for this virus.  Roche just got one approved in record time by the FDA  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-13/roche-gets-clearance-for-coronavirus-test-that-s-10-times-faster
Fuck the CDC then... government oversight and regulation fucks the American people yet again. SMH.
Yeah, thanks Jeff
Why not buy some triazol and just forget about the kits? RNA extraction is pretty straightforward.  Now I know why people should learn basic mol bio and not depend on kits.
Thanks but I'm good. What people need to support is their local food pantry by giving them money (not food). If this thing really gets bad we're going to rely heavily on them to help get food to people who are self-isolated and have run out of food.
They are still relying on the state for testing.
8
Also wondering this...
I assume you mean TRIzol, which requires large quantities of sample in which you precipitate RNA out of the rest of the sample.  A single nose swab isn't going to amenable to this method.
That's what I was looking for, thanks!
Do we know how many people have tested negative?
Then why don't they take blood?  I don't know how any of this works, I just assumed they need a certain chemical to extract it in a certain form or something
[160 total tests completed](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc) at the NCSLPH and there are 23 positives as of today. I don't know if "completed" means results received, and that number doesn't include private labs.
First reason would probably be ease of use and reduction of all sorts of risk. Imagine a situation where they need to test everybody that came off an airplane and quickly. (They aren't doing this, of course, this is just a hypothetical) Taking blood would require special personnel and would take a lot of time. A nose swab could be done by a TSA agent with almost no training.  But also remember that they are trying to isolate RNA from the virus itself. Mucous isn't going to contain any (or maybe very, very little) of your own RNA. This makes it far simpler than having to isolate viral RNA from a blood sample.

Wake County schools to close for at least 2 weeks after teacher tests positive for coronavirus

It's not just Wake. As of this afternoon, the schools are closed for students in the entire state of NC.
Everyone treated me like shit for warning them in [this thread] (https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fdfz72/there_are_more_cases_of_confirmed_corona_virus_in/). I get that people are skeptical, but the level of disrespect and lack of tact was really disheartening. I was trying to help.  Hope at least someone prepared because shits about to get weird.
Does anyone know if it includes daycares too?
[gonna leave this here and squirt on some more han-san](https://i.redd.it/0a83uuua7qm41.jpg)
I heard a rumor that would be happening earlier today but it hadn't been officially announced when I made the post. [Here's the link](https://myfox8.com/news/coronavirus/all-nc-schools-closed-for-at-least-2-weeks-starting-march-16-governor-roy-cooper-says/)
Take your kid to work month
Oh my, those aged well.  Good, perceptive prediction you had there. Although I wouldn't hold it too much against them, 10 days is a lifetime ago in terms of this virus, and 10 days from now we'll be in a whole other world of hurt. Maybe the Triangle will have some better luck than other urban areas owing to it being less dense, and not waiting too long to cancel schools. Hope so for our sake!   Anyway, within the next 10 days there's almost certainly a domestic travel ban coming, at least for the current virus hot spots. Trump hinted at it during his press conference today. Imagine if you'd said *that* 10 days ago?
Heard it from a friend who heard it from a source can be valuable.  That's how I got a 3 hour lead on the declaration of the state of emergency.  Heard it from a sister, who heard it from a sister, who heard from an official at her job.  &#x200B;  Seemed like a lot of people got a head's up, by the line at HT.
Judging from the obsession people have with hoarding toilet paper it has gotten weird already
Always good to have your idiocy in the thread, cons!  Mortality rate, from your own numbers:  Covid-19: 2.8% H1N1: 0.02%  Or, to put it simply for you, 140 times(!) more deadly.  Idiot.  Also!  Obama, faced with pandemics - created cabinet level pandemic response team.  Trump - fired same response team.  Get fucked.
Leave your kids and yourselves at home month.
mortality rate of covid is .2% if youre not high risk.  edit: As with initial reports of H1N1, the mortality rate initially was inflated (3-4%) and then dropped as more data was revealed. I suspect it will be the same with this.  From a trustworthy leftist source which this sub loves: https://www.vox.com/2020/2/12/21134718/coronavirus-china-deaths-mortality-rate  >Obama, faced with pandemics - created cabinet level pandemic response team. Trump - fired same response team.  Government, having no idea what they're doing, created more government to solve problems they're not equip to handle. Genius!
This is all just false though, Trump saying something doesn't make it true  For example by this point with H1N1 we had tested over a million people
sux to be high risk, amirite?
> mortality rate of covid is .2% if youre not high risk.  Sorry Grandma!  Conservatives don't seem to care if you die.  It's been good knowing you!  God you're an asshole.
Not really...you've only got a 98% of living. Pretty good considering other extenuating factors have a much higher mortality rate; like cancer and heart disease.
I am refuting the 2.8% number. It's artificially inflated to make this seem really scary and cause a panic. Stop your virtue signaling.
Paid sick leave like what Republicans just voted against?
Do 60 million people get cancer in a 6 month period?  Can you catch heart disease from taking a cab with someone who has it?  No?  God you're a moron.
You're not refuting it.  Your own numbers prove it.  You're saying that since you, *personally*, are low risk, you don't care that other people will die.  You sick fuck.
60 million? There are only 142k confirmed cases globally: https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/situation-reports/20200314-sitrep-54-covid-19.pdf?sfvrsn=dcd46351_2  Comparatively, there are [1.7M new cancer cases per year](https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/understanding/statistics); so yeah...cancer is a bigger concern if you want to talk mortality rates and at-risk people. And so is the flu, which you can get from the guy in your appeal-to-the-minority fallacy example. More people have died from the general flu this year than Covid and yet EVERYONE is freaking out. Why? I blame the media. What's your excuse?
He's a typical "pro-life" and "fuck you, I got mine" hypocrite. To answer another question: no, he doesn't read what he cites. He quickly googles stuff and posts it hoping you won't actually read it. He needs to go back to his racist, sexist, and homophobic posts in his echo chamber subs. Anyone who posts a honkler and supposed evidence that some races are genetically inferior isn't trying to hide their true nature.
Lol, no, she didnt.  Stop watching fox news
Do you even read *your own fucking graphics*???  H1N1 spread to 60 million people, right?  And Covid is at *least* as good at spreading, right?  And it's 140 times as lethal, right?  So, and stay with me here, because this is logic and reasoning time: if Covid spreads to the same extent H1N1 did, you will end up with 140 times the deaths, or over 1.7 MILLION dead Americans.    This year alone.  Gosh!  I wonder why the evil librul news is covering this disease?
Saying covid is going to spread to 60 million people when it's only spread to 142k in 3 month is a leap my brain can't logically make. There's absolutely zero evidence to suggest that the spread is going to be as significant as H1N1
The hyde amendment was already renewed in the 2020 appropriations bill
Do you know how exponentials work? Every 3 days the number of infected people double. Every country has followed this trend up until the point they implemented lockdown measures.
Lmao....who's feeding you this kind of BS?  March 11: 118k reported cases worldwide  March 14: 142k reported cases worldwide  Definitely not doubling every 3 days. Read the reports and turn off the talking heads dude:  https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/situation-reports
It doesnt need anything, it was already renewed. This was republicans playing politics
Go look at the numbers for each country individually. For example, from the exact link you posted, cases in the USA:  March 14: 1678    March 11: 696   March 8: 213   March 5: 128   March 2: 62    You have to look at countries individually because the containment measures differ from country to country, and that affects the infection rate.
The manager's amendment and summary report made clear that none of this is going to abortions, this was fabricated outrage by anti-choice interests unless you're aware of new covid-19 testing method that includes abortion.  "Covid-19 testing-related services"
https://imgur.com/a/63HGQyE
Read the summary: https://rules.house.gov/bill/116/hr-6201  "Claims reimbursed under this section would be limited to those for uninsured individuals not eligible for other COVID-19 testing and services assistance included in the bill"  ermahgerd abortion!

3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/1kjqhqxtbvm41.jpg?width=820&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=07a275f18c61f699317f0748a980148192ef63eaAs of March 15 at 11:00 a.m., North Carolina has 32 \*known\* cases of coronavirus.14 in Wake, four in Mecklenburg, two in Forsyth, two in Harnett, two in Johnston, one everywhere else.We went from seven known cases to 32 in five days.Safe to say we have more than 32 \*actual\* cases AND that no one has any idea how many we really have.BUT I've seen some moderate estimates that nationally we may have (very) roughly 15,000 cases - the bulk of which are in WA, CA, and NY.So perhaps NC is... in the hundreds?There are two issues with that prediction:\- The level of confidence in the underlying national prediction is low. Who knows if it's close to 15,000.\- The current level of cases isn't nearly as important as the rate of growth.We could have 50 cases or 200 cases in NC right now and if we see the growth rate of 6 days/double (the emerging national trend), then the starting point doesn't matter much.At that rate, it could still fill all our state's hospital beds within a matter of 8-10 weeks (depending on how long recovery takes).And that's assuming NC hospital beds don't have any other patients. Right now they're approximately 80% full. They're trying to reduce that number but it certainly won't get to 0%.**So the challenge is this:**Lower the rate of infection (through wider testing and social distancing) to lower the double rate to make sure we have beds for everyone who needs serious treatment.That's how we save the most lives.**UPDATE ON TESTING:**The state lab has tested 259 people.The main private lab, LabCorp, reportedly has capacity for 3,000 tests per day but we have no idea how many they've actually done.But don't get lost in the numbers. **Here's what really matters:**To qualify for a test you still need to meet criteria beyond simply displaying flu-like symptoms AND you still need a doctor's note. That limitation is what test rationing actually looks like in practice, and it's not good.Widespread, effective testing would look like this:Anyone with flu-like symptoms can drive up to a screening center (maybe a tent in the parking lot of a hospital or a Wal-Mart), getting a rapid flu test, and then if it comes back negative, getting a coronavirus test. That's what we need, A.S.A.P.BUT there has been significant progress in the last two days. Full update on testing progress coming tomorrow.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
I’m not even a Democrat, but these types of updates will legit make me vote for you.
We appreciate the update on r/triangle. Didn’t even know he had a presence on reddit like that. Really dope.
Thank you for updating NC across each platform!
Thank you Senator for utilizing these platforms to keep everyone informed.  Keep it up!!!
Thank you sir, keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you for the frank and transparent communication
Nothing like a little honesty to quell nervous people.  Please keep the updates coming.
Thanks Jeff.
Thanks for the level-headed update.  You’re the man Jeff!
Testing is needed but any info on what’s being done to supply medical workers with proper safety equipment? I have said this before and I’ll probably keep asking until it’s answered. My wife is a nurse and they are being told to reuse a single n95 mask for every patient. A single mask, which are intended to be disposable, could easily be the method of transportation that results in more infected people.   Has the state taken any action to assist hospitals in acquiring additional supplies?
Thank you for keeping us informed!
Thank you, Senator!
Sir, I'm aware that you are a legislator for Mecklenberg and that means we aren't your constituents but you are still reaching out to us. Please tell me this is part of some larger political plan so that I may in some future be your constituent?
I have seen other health officials and epidemiologists suggest around 100k cases nationally. Ohio’s health dept is estimating they have around 100k cases (1% infected population) in their own state. I dont think its unreasonable to make a similar estimate for NC, especially bc our state has more than 3x Ohio’s verified cases.  Secondly, there are growing concerns about the effectiveness of the private lab tests. LabCorp has stated that at best, their tests are 90% effective. That’s if the subject is displaying all symptoms. The CEO of a hospital in Teaneck NJ is trying to reduce drive thru testing before the tests can be 99% effective. Its worse to give someone a test, tell them they are negative when they aren’t, then have them go out and act like it. That is the problem with removing regulations and not preparing for this in advance.  Please speak to what you know on both issues.
Senator, any chance there will be a special enrollment period in NC for uninsured people like some other states are doing?
My symptoms started Thursday with a wet cough. Friday evening I had a fever. Our family has been social distancing since Thursday. My 5 year old son threw up for the first time in his life about 5am this morning. He has a cough also. His temperature is starting to go up and probably will be a fever soon. Assuming we all have it.   4 presumed positives here in Durham. We were at the airport the same day the man in wake (?) Came back from Seattle (?) Feb 22nd. Could be a link, I don't know. Not according to offcials. "Airports don't count". Why TF not? Viruses can't live at the airport? Maybe it's not allowed...
Thank you senator. Please urge the governor to shut down bars restaurants gyms etc. by executive order lest we continue to let this spread. Current measures WILL NOT BE ENOUGH.
This is awesome! Thank you for the update and honesty!
I’m a RN who cannot find testing.    I was sent home with a low grade fever on the 17th.  At the time I was asymptomatic.  I woke the next morning with flu-like body aches and low grade temp.  My doctor gave me a flu test (in their parking lot with the Med Assistant donned in full PPE).  My test was negative.  I was told to isolate at home until I’m afebrile.  I have kept a fever, have body aches and some nausea.    I can’t return to work until I test (-) for COVID-19.  (I obviously won’t return to work with a fever).  My doctor’s office will have to close if they test me and it comes back (+).  I have spent 3+ hours on the phone trying to get tested, calling urgent care, health depts, all COVID-19 helplines, even the state dept of epidemiology.  I cannot imagine the number of people in the public, spreading this virus.
I agree, I'm unaffiliated but definitely lean conservative.  These posts are completely non-partisan as far as I'm concerned. It's pure information with no lean or extra commentary. Kudos to the Senator.
Yeah this is what true leadership looks like.   Shouldn't matter what party he's with at this point, but for what it's worth Jeff Jackson is a Democrat -- but he cares a lot more about serving constituents than a political party.
Third, same sentiment. Felt like my upvotes were not enough to make sure you know.
Even with negative tests, people should be staying home as much as possible. We all have to rely on each other to do the right Thing here.
Agreed, I’d say the given estimates are way off. There are likely hundreds of thousands of cases in the US right now.  I’m also not so sure about testing... it’s a red herring. We don’t have a cure, so testing for the sake of treatment is irrelevant. If you can’t breathe or you have a heart attack, by all means go to the hospital. Otherwise, self-isolate, get lots of fluids and rest, and ride it out.  There’s no sense in getting a test for something they can’t treat anyway.
From what I've read/seen on TV, vomiting is NOT a symptom. Might just be normal flu, but still good to isolate because your immune systems will be vulnerable and you don't want to spread what you have
They can't do that unless there's something in place to help those people be without pay for two weeks.
This comment has been removed because the submitter has less than -9 comment karma.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/triangle) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've heard nausea is less common but possible. He is also coughing too.   Thanks for trying to reassure me. 🤪
Then they need to figure it out. Do an executive order if you have to, but pay the people, get them home, and deal with the lawsuits and bullshit later.
Shutting everything down to buy time and reduce spread *is* the rational response.  H1N1 infected ~60M US citizens.  If we see that level of spread, the death toll will be ~1.7M people.  This is *not* a normal situation.  It is without a doubt the largest threat to American lives since WW2.  Absolutely, people shouldn't use Uber or get groceries more frequently than absolutely necessary.  No one is suggesting health care and safety workers stop their work.  But going to bars?  Yeah, fuck that.  Ditto for movies, music, art, sports, gyms, and any other non-essential contact with other people.
And where does this money come from exactly? It's not as easy as "pay the people". These people mostly live paycheck to paycheck and even a week off could fuck up their life
The Fed. That’s what they’re doing. See disaster relief loans.

UNC setting up tents Ambulatory Care Center for a coronavirus testing center.

I’m not trying to start any drama but from what I understand that is for flu testing only, and if the nasal swab comes back negative w legitimate flu symptoms they then refer you for CV testing. That way less patients are going straight to urgent care or er with flu symptoms.
Damn that would suck to have both.
UNC has their leading epidemiologist saying that positive flu does not mean negative coronavirus and they will test for both
That would make more sense since we don’t have enough CV test kits anyway.
Do you happen to know how quickly the flu results come back?
Oh that’s interesting !! Thanks for the information ♥️
In the ED it only takes an hour or so for a result.

Wake County resident who tested positive for coronavirus COVID-19 attended Raleigh LEGO convention
Wake County says some BrickUniverse Lego Fan Convention attendees are at risk of exposure to the coronavirus known as COVID-19.A person who attended the convention on March 8 at the Raleigh Convention Center has tested positive, and had symptoms of the disease while she or he was at the convention.The Wake County asks anyone who was at the event from 2 - 4 p.m. on March 8 to call the COVID-19 information line at 919-856-7044.[https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241212696.html](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241212696.html)
I hate people.
They had symptoms and STILL went?  They just HAD to go see their precious LEGOs while knowingly putting thousands of others at risk?  What a piece of shit.
eesh, I was there before the 2-4 window they said could have been the risk. They had those big tables with legos all strewn about for the kids to play with. I'm sure those are a biohazard now. I think I dodged a bullet, but I am sad for anyone who was exposed at the event.  Thankfully it seemed to be significantly dying down by about 12 or 1 which is about when we left... that is unless it was just a lunch break.
Well, at least he probability didn't touch anything or have people touch what he touched...at a lego convention. We're doomed.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/consumeproduct] [Feeling a little ill, but still gotta consooooooommmmm](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConsumeProduct/comments/fjdl8s/feeling_a_little_ill_but_still_gotta/)  &nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
It is a slight possibility they were a symptomatic.
The article says they attended while showing symptoms
Just bc someone is showing symptoms doesn’t mean they know they have it. These symptoms are very common with just allergies.
The article says they tested positive

Coronavirus strikes Brier Creek. Target employee confirmed infected.


3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/s20fv2bpy3n41.jpg?width=940&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c693b1ce21c0e6172dec168ffe2298625a9cf91f**NC coronavirus numbers as of March 16*** 38 known cases (and 33 cases in SC)* No confirmed community spread (but nobody thinks it doesn’t exist)* One hospitalization* 369 people have been tested by the state (unknown number tested by non-state labs)* State currently has capacity for 1,300 more tests (unknown non-state capacity, but reportedly much higher)**Here’s the latest on the coronavirus testing situation in NC**There are two ways to get a test:1. A doctor decides you should have one and orders it from a commercial lab like LabCorp or from a hospital (UNC/Atrium/Novant) that has in-house testing capacity. These are "non-state" tests.2. Fever of at least 100.4 + negative flu result + *cough or shortness of breath* = you quality for a state lab test BUT a doctor still has to contact the county health department and get their permission AND we’re hearing about many cases where that permission is not being given due to scarce supply of state test kits.The immediate goal is expand testing capacity to the point where **EVERYONE who has fever + negative flu test + cough** can get tested.To see why that’s not currently happening, it helps to understand how the CDC supply chain works:* CDC sends test kits to the state* State distributes to counties* Counties release on a case-by-case basis as doctors call in**BUT*** CDC initially prioritized shipments to states that are getting slammed by coronavirus like WA and CA and NY, with states like NC only getting a small sliver.* Some counties are (reportedly) reluctant to release any test kits unless the patient has had direct contact with a COVID case - even if they meet the criteria of fever + negative flu test + cough. They are holding back for cases in which there has been direct contact with a COVID case out of a concern of lack of available tests and the need to prioritize. Some of this may have also been caused by confusion about the eligibility criteria, but fortunately the state COVID hotline - which had been overwhelmed - got extra capacity added today.But there's no question that some people who need to be tested have been turned away. Fixing that is the immediate priority.**To be clear: We need to very quickly get to a point where everyone with fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.**So what are we doing to expand capacity?* Getting more test kits from the CDC* Partnering with LabCorp and other private vendors (so we’re not as dependent on the CDC for test kits)* Partnering with UNC Health Care, which just got federal approval to start testing today and is already setting up its first drive-thru testing center in Henderson County* Several non-state health care providers are expanding their own testing abilities, like Novant, Atrium, Tryon Medical Partners (which just found one of our state's 38 cases), and a clinic in Asheville. (If you know of more, please let me know! Tomorrow I'll publish a comprehensive list.)**Bottom-line:**It's hard to get a state lab test because they are being strictly rationed but the immediate goal is to have enough testing capacity to make sure that everyone who has a fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.More soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Sen. Jackson thanks for the updates! They are really helpful. Is there any news on economic assistance for people in the service industry or gig economy?
Sorry if I missed the information, but is there a significant difference between the state tests and the non-state tests?
Thanks for the continued detailed updates; you are doing a great job!
Thank-you for your updates Senator. As a retail store owner in Raleigh who is grappling with the decision of whether or not to close our doors and play our part in social distancing, what are your thoughts on the matter? At what point is thorough sanitization and hand washing simply not enough?
Not yet. But that’s starting to come into view. I’ll report more as soon as I have a decent sense. Right now I don’t.
Probably an unfair question will this be part of a federal stimulus or state or perhaps a combination?
The federal government can print and borrow as much money as it wants and the state is pretty much bound by cash budgeting, so it will be mostly federal.
For what it's worth as a new citizen of the state it's a pleasure to see your diligence in keeping the community informed, sir.  Keep up the good work.

Has anyone been able to get in touch with the NC Coronavirus Hotline?
I've been on hold for 40 mins. The number is the following FYI: 1-866-462-3821

NPR: Senator Burr warned about the severity of the potential coronavirus outbreak as early as Feb. 27th at a private luncheon

I guess he represents those constituents who donate 100k.  Screw the rest of us
I’d be interested to know if any of the donors in that room cashed out of their stock market positions after hearing his assessment.  Really infuriating, if so.
He's outta here in two years, he has very little to lose by telling his pals the truth.
http://www.northcarolinasociety.org/thetarheelcirlce
February 27th is late AF. That's not insider information. People who are paying attention and not blindly optimistic have been on this since January at least. I was loading up on food, ammunition and prescriptions in January and moved all my retirement accounts into bonds by Feb 15th.   Now, my perspective may be a bit skewed since my PhD is in epidemiology and I was in Beijing in November, but everyone has been looking like complete rubes in my eyes for the entirety of 2020 thus far. It sort of feels like showing your elderly mother how to "reply" to emails versus "reply-all" to emails. Why is this not more obvious? Is it because it's easier to ignore unpleasant realities?
He actually sponsored the BIPARTISAN bills that renewed the PAHPA, and they were responsible for the warnings. Again, the spin on this sub is ridiculous.  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandemic\_and\_All-Hazards\_Preparedness\_Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandemic_and_All-Hazards_Preparedness_Act)
Yes indeed.
This was like a week after the stock market started crashing.
Did you not see it coming? Most people I know with a decent portfolio saw this crash from a mile away.   Western focused Americans didn’t because they thought it would just stay in China
Didnt stop him from going along by approving Kavanaugh, voting for impeachment acquittal nor ultimately getting the Senate Intelligence committee to make a difference in the Russian investigations or approving Barr as the AG. He is standard go-along, get-along GOP.
Dudes are so elite they even spell circle different (yes, the correct spelling is a 404).
>http://www.northcarolinasociety.org/thetarheelcirlce  LOL click the "THC Membership form"
> thetarheelcirlce  Not the best proof reading here
> Because of all we've done, the risk to the American people remains very low.          -Donald Trump on 2/27
You don’t think it’s possible for a politician to do both good, and incredibly shitty things in a short period of time?   You think sponsoring a bill should represent a free pass for creating tiers of constituents who access different information based on levels of politics contribution?  No one posting an article to a sub is expected (or realistically able) to present every side of an issue. I appreciate you letting me know about Sen Burr’s sponsoring of the PAHPA.   He and Tillis are still shitbags for the OP, and killing the Murray amendment this morning.
**Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act**  On December 19, 2006, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act (PAHPA), Public Law No. 109-417, was signed into law by President George W. Bush. PAHPA has broad implications for the United States Department of Health and Human Services's (HHS) preparedness and response activities. Among other things, the act amended the Public Health Service Act to establish within the department a new Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR); provided new authorities for a number of programs, including the advanced development and acquisitions of medical countermeasures; and called for the establishment of a quadrennial National Health Security Strategy.  ***  ^([ )[^(PM)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space)^( | )[^(Exclude me)](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme)^( | )[^(Exclude from subreddit)](https://np.reddit.com/r/triangle/about/banned)^( | )[^(FAQ / Information)](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)^( | )[^(Source)](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)^( ] Downvote to remove | v0.28)
On Wed, Feb 26: DOW 26,957.59.  On Thu, Feb 27: DOW was down -1190.95 (-4.42%) at 25,766.64.  Today, DOW is: 20,302.76
Downvoted? Isn't this fact?
I mean, it was what, an 11 year bull market?  Of course there would be a correction at some point.  Why it’s a problem is because Senator Burr & his wife sold something in the neighborhood of $1.5M personally of stocks as he was reassuring the public of this administration’s competency in handling the disease.  Source: https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2020/03/burr-unloaded-stocks-before-coronavirus/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=twitter_burr-stocks-coronavirus-031920
THIS. The Crimson report in December said we'd not have the resources to fight it. Did we think China was a lot less competent or something?  100% guaranteed he was towing the party line but good grief everyone with any sense saw a stock market dip coming. Maybe not as large as it is, but we haven't made a recession since 2008.
Doing the right thing appointing  kavanaugh, again with acquittal.  Russia hoax is a hoax.  Trump impeachment was an abuse of power by the sitting democrats in the house.  There was no legal reason to impeach trump.  It is a farce and blight on the democracy of the united states.  Cant wait to see the impeachment over nothing of the next democrat president simply for being a democrat.
Wait, this page isn't parody?!? lol
The Crimson report that came from PAHPA says the same thing that he warned of above. That report is public record and similar studies were published since inception of PAHPA. It says we would have issues with, e. g., mask capacity and all our key drugs are manufactured offshore.  Since 2005, our imports of drugs have doubled. We've known via PAHPA that we've had an issue for YEARS.  Trump and his government screwed us with our opportunity for short term prep, but our entire government has screwed us for years.  YES, Trump is a moron... it's not about Dems and Republicans... but the are so many posts to that effect. This is my beef.  Can't we see through all the BS we are fed by the press and political parties? My God, our government is supposed to protect us but all we can see is the letter after someone's name when we vote.
On Wed, Feb 20: DOW 29,348.03.  It had already dropped 12% the week before he said this.
> everyone with any sense saw a stock market dip coming.  If that was true, the market would have reversed then.
Thank you for reminding me to vote in November. I was going to but your post hammers home that I should probably implore more people to vote out this ugly, orange stain.
I was joking more about the THC part.
Sorry, but it is about politics.  If you really believe that Trump is a moron, then you should be furious at the party-line shenanigans (including both of our Senators) that kept him in office even after gratuitous evidence of his self-dealing public malfeasance.    Taking Burr's support on acquittal (not to mention refusal to call witnesses) into account, failing to counter the dangerous misinformation presented by the administration can only be interpreted as providing additional cover for the head of the party rather than representing the public health interests of all his constituents.
Burr was still making public statements that were significantly less doom and gloom than his private comments to donors.   Oh- and then there’s this: https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2020/03/burr-unloaded-stocks-before-coronavirus/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=twitter_burr-stocks-coronavirus-031920
Agreed. Let's vote these evil fuckers out.
If it is about politics to you, you'll blame Republicans that rally behind a moron president because their party fears the consequences of not supporting him. Because political parties. Parties that we reinforce when we blame someone because of the letter after their name. And we will continue to be polarized.  I don't think it gives Burr a free pass. But do you really think he said, "Hey, I have a secret I'm not telling anyone else?"  " He [pressed a CDC official](https://www.burr.senate.gov/press/videos/senator-burr-questions-public-health-officials-on-coronavirus-response_-march-3-2020) in early March as to why the nation's pandemic surveillance capabilities had fallen short despite the millions in funding he had helped secure for that purpose through PAHPA."  edit: terrible typing

Senator Burr dumped thousands in stock after lying about Coronavirus prep

And this is not *literally* insider trading because?
*Hundreds of thousands to over a million
When you are a senator they just let you manipulate the stock market.
OK so Burr posted a rather lengthy explanation of today's news on his [twitter](https://twitter.com/SenatorBurr).  I'm one of those guys who likes to hear both sides before getting my pitchfork out, but a few things I noticed about this defense:  1. No mention of the stock sale whatsoever. 2. He says in a press conference on Feb 26th, President urged schools, hospitals, businesses and families to make plans for potential closures, social distancing, and telework. I read that and was like "Whadda what?"      Does Sen. Burr really think we're that stupid? He posted a screenshot of a transcript where President, he says, is telling us to get ready for this. Except if you read [the whole thing on the White House site](https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/remarks-president-trump-vice-president-pence-members-coronavirus-task-force-press-conference/), he spends most of his time saying the OPPOSITE OF WHAT BURR CLAIMS HE IS SAYING. Even the screenshot itself is pretty damning:  >  I would think so, yes.  I mean, I haven’t spoken specifically about that with the various doctors, but I would think so, yes.  > I think every aspect of our society should be prepared.  I don’t think it’s going to come to that, especially with the fact that we’re going down, not up.  We’re going very substantially down, not up.  > But, yeah, I think schools should be preparing and, you know, get ready just in case.  The words are “just in case.”  We don’t think we’re going to be there.  We don’t think we’re going to be anywhere close.  And again, if you look at some countries, they are coming down.  It’s starting to go in the other direction.  How can anyone read that and make the conclusion that "Oh well, we have been warned I guess!" And of course if you read the rest of the transcript, it's way more downplaying including countless times he invokes the "flu."
A criminal Republican? Say it ain't so!
Fuck this guy.......pure fucking evil is what he is.
One more reason why they alway oppose capital gains taxes.  More gains for them.
fuck this  People are going bankrupt or will be, and he's making out like a king
a bigger thread on this https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/flhvvy/senator_dumped_up_to_16_million_of_stock_after/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
sadly this will not prevent republicans from backing him  although I'm gonna make sure all of them on my fb friend list know about it(it seems most of them get their news from fb and fox news, so I'll get some of em)
How many senators did? I'd imagine 100.
Lol at least he did not buy puts.
Because Congress. They literally play by separate rules.
Insider trading requires him to have had material, nonpublic information.    He was acting on public information, and just lying about reality in his role as a public servant.  That's hypocrisy which isn't a crime but is shameful.   We have seen this from Burr in abundance.
Yep. Not illegal because they are exempt from insider trading. Why do you think everyone in congress and senate are millionaires?
Interestingly enough, Tucker Carlson called him out on Fox last night and said if he has a legitimate explanation he needs to share it immediately or resign and face prosecution.
Except they aren't supposed to anymore: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STOCK\_Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STOCK_Act)
Elected officials should only be able to hold treasury bonds as investments.  Anything else opens our economy up to this kind of fuckery.
So sickening. If Martha Stewart went to jail, this guy should too.   If you’re charged with looking out for the best interests of other people shouldn’t you be held to a higher standard (rather than a lower one)?  I get not wanting to punish people in public office who make what later turn out to be bad decisions, but who are nonetheless doing their best. But that’s not the case here.
I think the article points out that his intel briefings were not public.  And on top of that, after he knew the severity of the situation, he told a private lunch group (who paid $10k a head to be there) COVID was serious, while downplaying the threat publicly.  This does not pass the smell test.  It’s immoral, and should be illegal as fuck.
Broken system, etc.  Sanders 2020
Lowkey it’s hard to say it’s insider trading because, the virus was on the table.   China is having problems, the US will probably see it’s effects.   Cause and effect. Stocks were inevitably going to fall. It was a matter of having the balls to keep or dump them.
You're joking, right? Sorry, I need the /s tag these days
Guess who was one of only 3 senators to vote against the Stock Act?
Yeah I think we can forget about enforcing any rules against any republicans these days.
THIS.
Yup. But unfortunately hats like asking them to vote on term limits. They won’t do it because it hurts them.
Or they just get relatives to hold investments for them until they are out of office
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0277  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
That is optimistic. They quickly eliminated the online disclosure portion of it and now they “file” their trades. Obama’s AG never enforced it either. It’s a joke if they have a pulse when skirting around it.
Let’s break this down:  Do you have privileged “insider” information and use that to game the stock market before the general public is made aware of said information?  It’s fucking insider trading. Don’t be dense.
There is the STOCK act, but it’s laughable. They insider trade all day long on mon public knowledge. It’s nearly impossible to prove. It’s a good first step, but the fact that we know of so many violations of it and no one gets prosecuted tells you everything you need to know
He dumped his stock so now he'll support it   /s
Hold on, they are busy fine tuning voting districts
I get your sentiment but we must be vigilant against these criminal scum. Many parents and grandparents are going to die because of these fuckers and they're just cashing in like they won the jackpot.   Send these evil fuckers to jail to rot.
Against politicians you mean all those assholes are rules for ther, not me
You're technically correct. The best kind of correct.
I disagree.  China quarantined Wuhan back in either December or January. I've been following information regarding that since, and people smarter then me have commented that the supply chain was about to drop out, which would affect stocks.  Because this information (the quarantining of a Chinese City, which is also a manufacturing hub) has been out, people have been acting accordingly: buying toilet paper before the rush, selling stocks or moving their funds to a stable platform, etc etc.  So while Burr is being a shit head and only telling a select few, i do not agree with this being declared insider trading because of the above.
I wrote him to resign. But what can we do to pressure the attorney general/doj to prosecute? Especially when they are clearly looking the other way?
Maybe, but right now it’s especially the republicans.
Disagree all you’d like, it’s crooked as fuck. Honestly, he’s just the sacrificial lamb of this administration, being fed to the masses as a point of angst appeasement.   The truth is, divestment and real world accountability are what has to happen if we’re ever going to be rid of this shit show of a government. It’s so out of hand at this point.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9695  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
>Disagree all you’d like, it’s crooked as fuck.   Again, I disagree with this. A lot of people were following the quarantine of Wuhan, and made appropriate decisions. I myself have made \*some\* money off the market (and by some, i mean all of $10 lol) - does that qualify me for insider trading?   We all have this information available to us - but its up to the individual to hunt and verify. Because I've been following the stream of information concerning Wuhan, I've made (what I believe to be) appropriate life decisions for me and mine, both tangibly and financially.  Again, we both agree that Burr is a shit head. I disagree with this being declared insider trading.
Arrest all of r/wsb with this logic then. Those autists were following the entire thing since December. They’ve been making money while r/investing r/personalfinance and r/stocks were all on their 5th recession, losing money, losing their entire shit because they couldn’t piece that banks were losing money *because* of China. It’s really not that hard to understand when a country like China does bad any dependent country will also suffer. Shit, soy bean importation from Brazil suffered when Trump entered office because he favored American soy bean planters. Bet you didn’t know that.
I was astounded that they'd call it insider trading.  Anyone paying attention has seen all of this (closures, shortages, lockdowns, and the economic impact of those things) coming since the word "coronavirus" hit the news.  The man took logical steps to protect his interests in the face of what was obviously inevitable, even without "inside information".  Perhaps people are upset because they weren't paying attention and were caught off guard.
Refer to my previous post above.
The second one of those autists is in charge of an Senate intelligence committee, uses info from said position to give a heads up to “select” “investors,” all while coincidentally dumping the majority/all of his stocks in such a timely fashion, I’ll suggest exactly that.

As coronavirus spreads, Triangle hospitals scramble to stockpile protective equipment

FWIW this info is already outdated. I spoke with reps from WakeMed and Duke last night and they are both starting to accept handmade masks as long as they have a filter pocket & ties, not elastic. They have quickly changed from "we are probably ok with n95" to "shit we better start getting some backups". Still not dire, but they are accepting handmade masks.  I am the NC coordinator for Million Mask Mayday, if you want to help call orgs in need or volunteer to sew, SIGN UP HERE: [https://rosiesews.org/volunteer-signup](https://rosiesews.org/volunteer-signup)  If you NEED MASKS, request here: [https://rosiesews.org/request-supplies](https://rosiesews.org/request-supplies)
THe mind boggles.  Surely they realize they should have stocked up PPE.  Apparently all hospitals are out, and we're not even CLOSE to peak.
UNC hospitals made the handmade mask request and one of the three patterns they listed was an elastic one.  edit: https://www.unchealthcare.org/coronavirus/ways-to-help/  First pattern listed
There are a lot of things hospitals should have done, but it interfered with the bottom line and/or executive bonuses, so they didn't.
As i just said above, Duke & WakeMed are also accepting handmade masks. I have already been to that website and am in touch with the marketing people at all three hospitals.
>  as long as they have a filter pocket & ties, not elastic  For those making the elastic version, UNC hospitals is accepting.

Wake County plans a ‘stay-at-home’ order to stop coronavirus spread

 I am a self employed Lawn Care service provider.  Hardly an essential  business.  But I work alone, have no employees, and never come in  contact with any of my customers.  Some I have had for 4 years and have  never met them.  I send invoices by email and they pay online.   The  only contact I have is with a gas pump which I lysol spray and clorox  wipe down immediately before and after.  I am literally a hermit, I go  to work, and then I go home.  Thats it.  Im a social distancing grand  champion.  I hope I can keep working as I do not feel I a a threat of  catching nor spreading it.   I feel I am completely safe to travel and  work but yet probably wont be allowed to.  Any thoughts on if I will be able to continue working?
My non essential research lab for a pharmaceutical company will still have us coming in... When we can't even stay 6 ft apart from eachother in lab... I don't know how they think it's okay!!! I'm nervous to catch it.
The 'Essential Business' list that is being used for multiple cities so far (Wake's may be slightly different) can be found starting on page 4 of Durham's order: [LINK](https://durhamnc.gov/DocumentCenter/View/30043/City-of-Durham-Mayor-Emergency-Dec-Second-Amdmt-3-25-20_FINAL)
Will we be able to go to the grocery store or pharmacy?
Does it close restaurants from pickup/delivery?
You're good if it's anything like the Durham stay-at-home order, which specifically lists lawn-care as exempt as long as you don't have to interact with customers
Living the dream right here
Also in case of a statewide stay at home order, you can apply to be considered an essential business by emailing [beoc@ncdps.gov](mailto:beoc@ncdps.gov).  In the email, you should provide the following:  * Business name  * Point of Contact including:     * name    * email    * phone number    * address  * Nature of business and why you are critical to continue operations  * Business website if applicable  This will 1) put lawn care services on the mental map of folks who are compiling lists of essential operations and 2) possibly get you official declaration as an essential business.  edits: formatting. original comment was on mobile.
The absolute best thing you can do for the community is to stay home. Tons of companies are working with their customers to defer payments right now. If you do not need to work for the next few weeks, and have enough food/supplies to last then please stay home.   However you have to make a living somehow and provide yourself with food. Assuming that your statement about no contact is 100% factual (I mean no disrespect by that, just being a skeptical person on the internet and as I'm sure you know people like to embellish), then I would say continue working until someone with authority tells you to stop and go home. If you are out and about, please be safe.
Durham PD is enforcing the order there. Probably same for Wake. Though there's a pretty long list of 'essential businesses' that are exempt, could be a lot of room for interpretation...
Same. I work in a lab where someone has been quarentined and is being called a suspected case. On one hand I hate putting myself at risk, but I also am lucky to get a few hours of work a day. I wish they'd just shut it down for a bit.
When they order comes out look at it and report them anonymously if they are forcing contact.
Durham, like most states and and local governments are following the US Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency definition of critical infrastructure resources.  I wont be surprised if Wake does the same     [https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/publications/CISA\_Guidance\_on\_the\_Essential\_Critical\_Infrastructure\_Workforce\_508C\_0.pdf](https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/publications/CISA_Guidance_on_the_Essential_Critical_Infrastructure_Workforce_508C_0.pdf)
Yes, the order allow those essential excursions.
yes, it doesn't change what you can or can not do, it just closes more businesses.
I don’t think so. Mecklenberg county, which has already made this call, has said restaurants can remain open as long as no one is eating on premises.
Oh thats awesome thank you so much!
I can only think of 2 or 3 businesses the Durham order doesn't list as essential. Maybe someone can help me out by pointing out more?
Yes, I have zero contact with any of my customers.  I show up, I do the work, and I leave.  I text them the night before I come, and if they want anything done they tell me then in text.  I set up my business this way on purpose.
What? No it isn't, grounds maintenance is actually really important for keeping down pestilence, which is a public health issue.
Seriously folks, read this closely.  At the end of the day, things really shouldn't change that much, other than police have more clout to break up groups of idiots... I mean, groups of 10 or more people.
Thanks
In the Durham order it says that outdoor workers who have no contact with clients can continue to work. They specifically list lawncare.
As long as HOAs continue to enforce lawn rules, than lawn service is essential.
Awesome thank you!
Which, fuck HOAs, but still, making sure debris is cleared and rats don't overrun everything is important.

Grifols Clayton Plant Working On Coronavirus Vaccine


Locals Create App to Help Coronavirus Victims


