Coronavirus (COVID-19) Megathread
Hello friends, As the coronavirus continues to affect each one of us in our community either directly or indirectly more and more every day, we'd like to post this megathread for everything related to the pandemic. This includes closures, new cases, and any other major development in this situation. **Though this is a megathread, we'll still allow individual posts for this topic.** It's more of a central hub for quick info. **MAJOR UPDATE(S): [Stay At Home Order to begin Friday, March 27 at 5PM](https://www.cityofws.org/2680/Stay-At-Home-Order-Provisions); Statewide Monday, March 30 at 5PM****Sources for information related to Coronavirus (COVID-19)**[Official NC DHHS COVID-19 website](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-response-north-carolina)[Official CDC COVID-19 website](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-nCoV/index.html)[Official WHO COVID-19 website](https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019)[City of Winston-Salem COVID-19 website](https://www.cityofws.org/2673/COVID-19-Coronavirus-Information) *edited 3/16/20 for direct link*[City of W-S/United Way Fund for those impacted by COVID-19](https://app.mobilecause.com/vf/COVID19Forsyth) **NEW, added 3/18/20**[Coronavirus subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/)If there are any specific closings or cancellations you know of, or if you need assistance with childcare, or if you just need some toilet paper, feel free to post in this thread. Hopefully this pandemic doesn't last too long, but that remains to be seen. I don't think any one of us can say we've experienced a situation quite like this in our lifetimes, but we'll pull through somehow.Remain calm and stay safe (and healthy), Winston!
Just thought I'd provide this link to the Johns Hopkins interactive map. Usually pretty darn up to date and faster than others:   [https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html)
How many confirmed cases are in Forsyth county now? I have not seen any updated numbers in a couple days.
I am deeply concerned for our community. I do not think this city understands just how inter-connected we are to the rest of the world. I work at an "essential business"...but not the kind that puts food on our table. I also follow projected unemployment rates. I understand that every individual is trying process this situation, but here is my experience so far.  Yesterday, I assisted someone who "was able to get the last flight out of a major European hub and was clearly in shock. They then asked directions to the closest grocery store.  Today, I helped someone who just got back from a major disease hub on the West Coast to come into my workspace for a VERY non essential request. They live within a popular retirement community. They rubbed their eyes and mouth the entire time.   Meanwhile, while it's "slower than usual"... many are still coming into my place of work and think request for social distancing is funny. Oh, this isn't New York or LA or Italy? Well, where do you think the unemployed in those cities are moving back to? Their loved ones. Which includes Winston Salem.  Stay Home and support our local businesses.
Retail stores are a disaster with people panic shopping like psychos. Oh well for the no gatherings over 100 people. These places are going to turn into coronavirus factories
Also, be wary of price gouging, and report any incidents to [the appropriate authorities](https://ncdoj.gov/file-a-complaint/price-gouging/).
I think is important to say that Duke energy won't be following up on those who've had disconnection notices
The Y is temporarily closed for 2 weeks...
Support local shops & restaurants as much as you can (while minimizing contact of course!). Went to Cagney's at Cloverdale/Miller yesterday for lunch and have never seen it that slow. Certainly was attributed to the after church crowd not being around.
If anyone needs, or knows of someone who needs, groceries run for them or other errands run, message me. I don’t have social media so it’s been hard to get this going, but I want to help. Have been thinking about calling churches and asking if they know of any folks in their congregations who need groceries / supplies delivered.
All public schools are closed. Online school will start this week.
What about license plate agencies? Are they closed?
Please reach out to any of the following organizations if you are in need of FREE  face masks (Based on Availability) :    Alianza Cristiana y Misionera   Bethesda Center for the Homeless   Bethlehem Missionary Baptist Church   Boston-Thurmond Network   Brownsboro Community Partnership   Catholic Charities   Centers for Exceptional Children   Central Terrace United Methodist Church – New Story   Children’s Law Center of Central North Carolina   Christ Church Winston-Salem   City Lights Ministry   Crosby Scholars   Destiny Temple, Inc.   Dress for Success – Winston-Salem   Experiment in Self-Reliance, Inc.   Family Services Forsyth County   The Fellowship Home   Financial Pathways of the Piedmont   First Alliance Church   First Baptist Church on Fifth   Fulton Family YMCA   Greater Galilee Baptist Church   Greater Tabernacle Worship Center   greeNest   Iglesia Cristiana Sin Fronteras   Habitat for Humanity of Forsyth County   Insight Human Services   El Buen Pastor Latino Community Services   LEAD Girls of NC   Legal Aid of North Carolina   Mission on the Move Outreach   Moore Elementary Food Pantry; Highland Presbyterian Church & Temple Emanuel   Mount Calvary Holy Church   Parkway United Church of Christ   Redeemer Presbyterian Church   Royal Curtain Drama Guild Productions Inc   The Salvation Army   Samaritan Ministries   Second Harvest Food Bank of Northwest NC   The Shepherd's Center of Greater Winston-Salem   Shiloh Baptist Church   Springwell Network, Inc.   The Parenting PATH   TURN   Union Baptist Church   Whole Man Ministries   Winston Lake Family YMCA   Winston-Salem First   Winston-Salem Street School   YMCA of Northwest North Carolina   YWCA
If you’re a conservative you’ll get downvoted for posting any facts on here so don’t do it!
DSS is only taking phone calls, people will not be allowed into the building. They will try to do what they can over the phone but because of this, expect long wait times.
I saw that the courts and City Hall are closed, would anybody know if the register of deeds is closed as well? Thank you!
Are schools closing for the rest of the year in Winston Salem
https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc this page should update daily w NC numbers
I'm predicting a large increase in cases due to the following 2 observations:  \-Social distancing means trying to keep 6' away from people... that is not happening anywhere I went today    \-Social gatherings less than 10 people... two of my neighbors had drunken blow outs this weekend with lots of booze and  waaay more than 10 people plus the grocery stores were packed
12 as of 3/22/20
As a retail worker near Wake, that's my biggest fear. We're doing extra cleaning during and after store hours to be on top of this. Hopefully it makes a difference!
I think I might be a mostly asymptomatic case, young but just returning from Madrid and London and I was around a lot of sick people on the plane. I am self-isolating, but I can't get tested without speaking to a physician which I don't have so the novant hot-line told me to go to an urgent care. No way i'm going to an urgent care when I am fine but might be contagious. My worry and why I want to be tested is because I work with immunocompromised individuals and I am worried 14 day quarantine won't be enough to not spread it.
That’s crazy! My bfs job won’t allow people into the building until they have tested negative or have a doctors note. Tests are being refused because people don’t qualify for the restrictions.   My job is the opposite, they don’t care if you have a cough or a fever, unless you test positive, you still have to come to work or risk being fired.
My parents just got back from a cruise. My mom got very sick two days ago, all flu symptoms except a fever, they won’t test her until she has a fever. She’s very high risk
They don't have enough tests. They can only test 50 people statewide atm. I also heard they have to test you twice, but I am not sure. We have like 500 tests or so in the state stockpile, but with all the emergency declarations that may change soon...I hope.
Water as well
Highly likely.    My wife is in the medical field and indicated this to me at least a week ago
Thank you
Are these total cases or current cases only?
The two here are from a cruise, maybe the one in Japan, I know at least one person from Forsyth was on that cruise. They've been in isolation since they got back.

CORONAVIRUS: Winston-Salem officials potentially exposed to COVID-19


Winston-Salem based Hanesbrands to produce masks during COVID-19 shortage

Nice
Would be nicer if they didn’t just lay off ALL of their contract workers on Friday with no advance notice.  Hundreds more people in the Triad without work now due to the virus ✌🏻
Heck yeah.
 Well, it's the thought that counts, I guess...  > The *New York Times* reports that Hanes, Fruit of the Loom, and other companies are producing respirator masks, the underwear masks “will be made of a three-ply underwear fabric, and do not provide the level of protection given by the N95 masks that health care workers need for intubation and other procedures.” > > — [Source](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/03/defense-production-act-coronavirus-trump-respirators-masks-ventilators.html)
Nice
𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) #Nice Leaderboard **1.** `u/RepliesNice` at **3609 nices**  **2.** `u/DestroyerZDude` at **3056 nices**  **3.** `u/bigriggs24` at **3002 nices**  **...**  **3033.** `u/vasquca1` at **11 nices**  ---  ^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS)

COVID-19 case confirmed at the Hayward Industries plant in Clemmons


Mayor Allen Joines orders residents to stay home in light of COVID-19. Order begins Friday in Winston-Salem, ends April 16.

I think the official order has specific industries which are deemed essential listed— your company may not fall under those guidelines.
Wait until he fires you over that nonsense but make sure it's because of the virus. Unemployment has been/is being expanded to be *extremely* generous.
Yikes, good luck!
You too buddy!

for kids of winston salem site offers Free Online Karate Lesson during covid-19

This motherfucker posted this in [**seventy-four subreddits**.](https://www.reddit.com/user/senshikarate/submitted/)
yes I post 1 time in a few cities everyday..  so why is that an issue?  I’m sharing a free resource which maybe you may not use but I have parents emailing and calling thanking me for opening this up for their kids stuck at home!  My school is shut down due to the chaos even though this was for my own local students,  i knew parents could use it for their kids even though they are not near me!  with that said what you you offering the community during this crisis?
I'm not certain offering the community a vector for infection is exactly what is needed here. Yes, you might be entertaining kids, but unless you are able to provide this training with no physical contact at any time, you are putting kids, their parents, and their grandparents at risk of infection.   But you do you.
The post says they’re online lessons, friend.
they are online classes!  the picture is from when we had normal class

Lowes Worker in High Point Diagnosed with COVID-19

Lowe’s was packed that entire weekend. This could get ugly
As someone who works for Lowe’s in a different location in Winston the stores are absolutely packed with people of all ages. We had a bunch of cashiers go to Florida for spring break and someone they were with tested positive. The cashiers weren’t tested so who knows if they have it or are carriers. We try to clean the store but we are so short staffed it’s almost impossible.   People please stay home and postpone any projects for the future when this settles down.
Don't forget that companies like this will ship directly to you. Most companies that do deliveries of anything are happy still to do this and absolutely thrilled if you arrange it with them so that you don't have to be in physical contact or close proximity.
Californian here. Take this shit seriously. Or else we could all end up like New York. I know NC is nowhere near as densely populated as NY, but neither are the hospitals. Take care, home state!
There is no hope for the human race.....literally killing each other so they have a nice green lawn and pretty mulch in front of their 300k home that they can’t afford....
Considering this a public service announcement. Holy crap
I second this, a few days/weeks at home is worth it in the long run.
It's always the genius of the species who so happily flaunt their brave expeditions. Their mothers must be proud! https://youtu.be/74u8bGbn6Jg
Gross generalization, but yeah
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Lmao that brushed stainless steel finish, dual revolving smart door refrigerator/freezer shall be mine, virus be damned!
Maaaaaaaannn appliances are ALWAYS on sale. They just do that shit to trick consumers. The actual price you pay varies VERY little between BIG SALES and everyday sales.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com

State of Emergency Declared in NC for Coronavirus

MUST GO BUY ALL THE TOILET PAPER ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what means State of Emergency? I mean, is just like "ok lads, we are in state of emergency, clean your hands and use antibacterial gels, peace out ✌️" ? or is more serious than that? because they said they are not cancelling classes, even they don't have test kits for the virus, they are not cancelling events or something so, what really means?
I hope I get Covid-19, because nothing would make me happier than to spend two weeks quarantined in my house.
oh wow, thanks for yours replies!
ME FIRST! Plus all the bread and milk.
Bidet, change yo life dawg
Too late. I already got it all. I'll sell you a couple rolls though.
Nope it does not mean that there is currently an emergency and we should cancel everything.  This is a precautionary measure that allows NC to access federal funding to prepare in advance and get as much medical equipment etc as we need now so that we don't run into any shortages.
I think it also prevents people from marking up items for sale, so they won't be able to mark up soap, hand sanitizer, and obviously toilet paper that people need.
Declaring a state of emergency unlocks various state and federal funds.
Its to free up funds. and gain access to federal money
Also lifts restrictions on truck drivers and their required breaks to ease the flow of goods in/out of the state.
Same
Well it does change limitations on amateur radio enthusiasts.. Thats all I know.
https://www.newsobserver.com/news/business/article10291544.html  Old but yes.

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
if the focus is to slow it down why is the Furniture Market still happening?   https://hpenews.com/news/14614/despite-nc-state-of-emergency-furniture-market-to-go-as-planned/  where minimum 50K people around the world will show up and be placed in a single building & city?
I am confused as to why there are still so many big events going on in NC, like the already mentioned furniture market. Seems counter productive when other countries are taking much more serious steps towards containment.
we need to take this seriously, we have an example, Italy  first day: coronavirus is a hoax, everything is fine guys  ten days later: sEnD HeLp.
My bf works for a big and well known company, anyone who appears even a little sick is getting tested but unfortunately it really does take long to get a test.  One guy had a family member who flew from Italy a few weeks ago but fortunately the guy didn’t test positive for it. They have chosen to keep testing.  I will say, jobs should just let people stay home without consequences at this point. I’ve been told if I stay home for more than two days in a row, I’m fired. Can’t not work or we can’t afford bills. It’s not realistic for people to stay home until everything else agrees. As long as bills keep coming and jobs keep working, most of us can’t stay home.
https://staythefuckhome.com/
Statement regarding the ACC Tournament.   "After consultation with the league’s presidents and athletic directors, it was determined that beginning Thursday, March 12, all games will be played with only essential tournament personnel, limited school administrators and student-athlete guests, broadcast television and credentialed media members present."
There are additional labs which are acquiring testing ability. We are now able to send testing directly to Labcorp and can bypass the ridiculous state epidemiologist setup which takes forever but has a 1-2 day turnaround time with a 3 day turnaround time.
Did I not read that Israel is a couple weeks away from a vaccine
>no one has any immunity built up  False. In every disease, there is a small percentage who are naturally immune.   That doesn't change anything however and, yes, we have to act as though this is not the case for many reasons. Effectively, however, you are correct.   >We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained  It won't be. We have a government that people want to administer healthcare for the whole country completely botching this. There will be no containment.   >I will update you.  Keep the info flowing. It's more helpful for us to hear it than to not.
This is accurate.
And let's not forget the ACC tournament in Greensboro.
Cause boomers (and some younger ppl) are saying this is just another flu (which is going to be ironic when they're the one in the ICU with a breathing tube), that or its so much sunk cost, companies stand to lose a lot of money pulling out now.
yes, I'm from Los Angeles, California on these boards advocating to stop the furniture market. Los Angeles still had their marathon which is dumb too so can't talk greatly of my city either.      But they just annouced they cancelled E3 (the gaming industry) and coachella yesterday too.
Sauce?
That is unconscionable.   I would anonymously report your company to as many decision-makers as possible.
  I don't know why as a nation/world we can't all just agree to shut everything down for 2 months. It will suck and it will be hard but we could do it and we'd be alot better off in the long run. No payments on any debt for 2 months. When we go back to work we could just pay a little extra each month to make it back up. Everyone is in the same boat worldwide.
I hadn’t heard that. Supposedly the best case for a vaccine is 12 months, since it’ll need to go through trials.
You want to be pedantic, but herd immunity is the issue, no one gives a crap about the unicorns out there that don't get sick, that won't stop the virus and those people might just be carriers, since many people experience negligible symptoms anyway but still spread the disease.
The last headline I read was that the acc tournament will still happen, but spectators won’t be allowed.
Premarket is this weekend.  Most people are already planning on doing everything at premarket. I predict april market will be cancelled
[https://www.journalnow.com/news/local/cases-of-coronavirus-id-d-in-forsyth-the-first-nc/article\_e5183d91-fee3-50bc-bc94-b8d5ce8ee79d.html#5](https://www.journalnow.com/news/local/cases-of-coronavirus-id-d-in-forsyth-the-first-nc/article_e5183d91-fee3-50bc-bc94-b8d5ce8ee79d.html#5)
Agree, make a paper trail of this so they can be known.
This is at most jobs. The policy is more than two consecutive days without a doctors note or basically any proof of not coming in. They announced a few weeks ago, coronavirus is not an excuse unless you know someone who has it or has travelled. There were exceptions, but majority do not fall into that category. This very common and as it is within policy, nothing will be done I can assure you
I agree with this. But you know, the way our capitalism is set up, it won’t ever happen.
https://www.timesofisrael.com/israeli-made-oral-vaccine-for-coronavirus-on-track-but-testing-will-take-months/amp/  Seems like cutting through the bureaucratic red tape is what’s going to take time, not so much the trials.
It's almost like you don't know how CRISPR works. A single immune person can be used to generate gene therapy or other treatments to combat disease.  But dem facts, yo.
NCAA.  The ACC tournament is already going on. Last I heard, they're game on through tomorrow and will reassess.
I really hope so we'll be back in October it's not like we are gone forever.
A portion of that " bureaucratic red tape" involves trials for safety and efficacy. Skipping steps can lead to an entirely new and different set of problems, as well as result in no benefit against the disease you are trying to protect against.
Dem facts aren't relevant to the immediate problem. You can run someone's genes through CRISPR, great, we might have gene therapy 10 years from now when sci fi becomes real, we might even be on Mars by then too. No one gives a shit since that doesn't effect the immediate situation.   You can be right and still wouldn't help the situation before this passes through the herd, at which person enough immunity is built up to slow the rate of infection being passed from person to person, but until that happens we need to keep the infection rate low enough the medical system can compensate. But by all means, talk about CRISPR therapies in /r/Futurology with people who care.
Your ignorance is showing, yo.
They’re officially not allowing spectators for the rest of the games in the tournament.
Yeah, some of that red tape is sound policy.
“The clinical testing experiments themselves are not so long, and we can complete them in 30 days, plus another 30 days for human trials. Most of the time is bureaucracy - regulation and paperwork.”  “Time could also be lost because of ‘waiting points’ between the different stages of the process, until regulators give the nod for things to move forward.”   Regardless of anyone’s thoughts on bureaucracy, and I didn’t share any of mine so I don’t quite understand the downvotes, this is something that needs to be prioritized, fast tracked and not be artificially inhibited by the normally slow bureaucratic process. Lives will be lost if we have to wait days/weeks for bureaucrats to decide whether or not things can move forward.
[It's already being done](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5783714/) but don't let all those big words scare you, okay?  But dem facts, yo.   Are you done or is there more that I can utterly embarrass you about? Because if you're done, I cordially invite you to leave the sub and let the grown-ups talk.
Your butthurt is showing. Before you even got down to the thread where I [explicitly show how it's being used for that already](https://old.reddit.com/r/winstonsalem/comments/fh1bbi/coronavirus_why_you_should_take_this_seriously/fk89pmz/), you gotta chime in and show how butthurt you are.  Do you need a nap? New diaper or something?
With the NBA suspending it's season as of tonight, these other leagues/tournaments will start to follow suit. I cannot imagine them cancelling the NCAA (BIG $$$), but not allowing spectators seems the direction they will go.
Have you ever heard of Thalidomide? It worked wonders to cure pregnant women of nausea. Fixed that problem right up. Then, after it was approved for use and on the market for about a year they realized it caused the fetus to be seriously malformed. Someone like you might get a few jollies Googling for images of Thalidomide babies.  As a man I'm not likely to get pregnant any time soon, but I do find your disdain for "bureaucracy" in the terms of medical research to be both ignorant and dangerous.
I think you're the one embarrassing yourself here bud
You're not embarassing me, I still don't see how this will deploy in weeks which is the window we're talking about.  You're trying to be really smart, but failing to see how the problem being discussed now, is what we can do right now, to stop this from spreading, not in months or years. I get you're probably on the spectrum, so you're missing basic social queues, but you're having a different conversation, you're talking about facts that are relevant to the general populace down the road, I'm talking about what can be done right now in the coming weeks. We both have "dem facts", I'm talking about herd immunity. You're talking about gene therapies that probably won't get past the FDA fast enough to make a difference.
Oh, the bit about genome editing in vitro? Yeah I saw that. Cool stuff. That’s actually why I wanted to let you know about your ignorance being exposed... You see, the original intent of the thread was to inform the public of the immediate threat being posed by an active, and rapidly spreading pandemic. Your response was to make an incorrect assertion about immunity, followed by an attempt to explain that editing genetic material in vitro was somehow relevant to the current pandemic. It’s cool technology and will hopefully translate into clinical applications years from now, once it’s been through (at least one) clinical trial(s). Anyhow, I think I’m gonna go grab a nap now... maybe even change my diaper.
Don’t think that Thalidomide and nausea during pregnancy has anything at all to do with coronavirus vaccines.   I’m not saying eliminate oversight. A vaccine that would save millions of lives potentially should not be held back from release because an absurd amount of paperwork is required.
Take a look at the post history on this one. I drank every time he used the word "triggered" in a comment reply and now I don't remember my name.
You're talking about a vaccine that doesn't exist and won't for *quite* some time but you want to pretend that it's some kind of magic like on the movies. You are literally trying to argue something because you didn't like what I said because it doesn't fit in your ignorant views.   And you can talk about "herd immunity" all you want, it won't happen without a widespread immunity. And that won't happen without a developed vaccine whether that's done with traditional methods or with CRISPR. You're just mad because you thought you knew everything about this and can't accept that there's another way that can be faster.   So take your butthurt elsewhere.
Just stop. You have no idea what you are talking about.
I looked recently and they posted about being on pain meds post surgery, if they were hopped on opioids while posting  that would explain the behavior.
My my, you sound so.... triggered. Gotta stalk a history and then whine about conversations someone else has with other people that don't involve you. I haven't seen someone so childish in quite a while. Do your exes know about your psychopathic tendencies? Do we need to get protective services involved?   You and your nearly nonexistent comment and post history. Tell me, how much did you pay for that account? 2 years is hardly aged especially with no karma on it. It couldn't have been much. I think you got ripped off. And the hypocrisy here is astounding.
Sorry you compared apples & oranges?
Lol. This is an account I had to create when I was hiding from a psycho ex - funny you should bring that up. My previous account is 11 years old. Not a huge amount of karma, but decent from that many years of participation. I see yours is less than one month old. I looked at your profile to see if you were just trolling or if you were really that insufferable - turns out you are! Since you haven’t been on reddit long you might not realize that your conversations and post history are indeed visible to everyone and anyone can reply to any comment or post.
You mean like all those little morons who want the government to give us "free" healthcare but can't handle the coronavirus issue? All those people who want free government healthcare but refuse to acknowledge that the government is completely screwing up veteran healthcare? You and your brand new, shiny account? Please don't make me laugh any harder.
I compared releasing a medication from testing with releasing a medication from testing. I'm sorry you see a difference, because there isn't one.
One is Nausea treatment. One is a virus vaccine. But yeah, totally no difference.
But it was just fine when Obama did the same, yeah?  https://www.bizpacreview.com/2020/03/01/obama-waited-until-millions-of-americans-were-infected-with-swine-flu-1000-died-before-acting-892677  In fact, Trump is acting *faster* than Obama ever did.   Cry a little harder. Let the hate flow through you with your alt, purchased and empty account lulz. So triggered that you gotta use a disposable account, yeah?
I can explain it to you. I can't understand it for you. Just accept there are reasons you want to go slow when releasing medication. Even a vaccine. Actually, especially a vaccine, because you can screw it up and enhance the effects of whatever you are trying to protect against.  But keep believing there is a cabal of evil "bureaucrats" working hard to keep you from your miracle vaccine. If that helps you deal with the stress of what's coming at us, more power to you.
Well at least you quickly confirmed the TDS, thanks for that. Anyways:   [https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/obama-wait-swine-flu-n1h1/](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/obama-wait-swine-flu-n1h1/)
You’re an idiot if you think I’m saying “end trials & testing.” Literally all I’ve said is that this needs to be prioritized and should not be held up by other things on the bureaucratic docket ahead of it.
And you've proven that you don't know how to read. Care to try again or are you just too butthurt to even try?  Here ya go:  https://apnews.com/afs:Content:8603491796  Obama declared a public health emergency in April, a national emergency in October.   Christ, it's like you don't even know how to try and facts just inflame you.
You probably didn't even take the time to read that before responding did you? It's addressing the exact article that your link uses as it's main source.   I just noticed you edited the comment I responded to with:   > with your alt, purchased and empty account lulz. So triggered that you gotta use a disposable account, yeah?   What the fuck does that even matter. Are you so out of touch that you (a) have to resort to attacking people over something completely irrelevant and (b) actually think anyone cares enough about arguing with you that they would go the extent of using an alt/purchased/disposable/boogeyman account?  You're sick in the head. Get help. Bye.
Goin' around using alts  you purchased to spread misinformation and lies is truly pathetic.   lulz

2 cases of coronavirus ID'd in Forsyth County

WELP.
Given the fact we aren't testing everyone, we really can't say we know the full extent of the spread of this disease.   Check on your neighbors. Make sure they have what they need.
Welp, now that it’s live in Forsyth, should we expect public schools to close?
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Just got a call from the school district, they have a plan in place in case they need to cancel school. Field trips are already cancelled and they're limiting visitors to schools.
Does it bother anyone else that they won’t release information on where these people have been since they got home? I understand it my effect business or cause panic but also seems like good info to track and prevent spread..
There were 7 tested here in Burke County yesterday, but no results yet.
Welcome to the Winston Plague Games. This should get interesting.
Seriously though, people called me crazy for stocking up on food, tp and disinfectant a month ago.  Practice good hygiene and stay safe guys!!
Can someone tell me what specifics are in the article? It is blocked unless I subscribe
We made it!
Plus it stays dormant for around 10 days before symptoms appear. If you went to the grocery store this morning, it's quite possible you walked past someone who unknowingly has it already. Of course this is just speculation but makes you think how quick this can spread & how more people have it in Forsyth and don't even know yet.
I would expect them to finish the week and close over the weekend
Not yet. Per the [website](https://www.wsfcs.k12.nc.us/Page/115212) and the call I just got, they are watching carefully so far. Apparently they have plans in place to do it online somehow.
Maybe HIPAA rules that must be navigated?
Username checks out
I know right, worst case, you just had food you'd eventually eat anyway.
I can't believe people wait until it's already here to prep.
Better late than never.
This is the problem, people react after, everything about this virus says you have to be at least a week ahead of it. If you think you'll see a case next week, that means its spreading right now. But we keep watching people make the same mistakes.
Incubation period is reported to be 14 days, but yeah. And according to reports out of China (who is accused of spinning data to make themselves look good) they have cases of people showing no symptoms both carrying and spreading the disease.
Email I got says they will deploy hot spots and  mobile devices to those who do not have one in the event school is closed.   So if that happens, we’re not talking a few days so the schools can be disinfected... that would lead me to believe it’s potentially a couple weeks if they close.
Definitely works, doesn't it?
How much you wanna bet it’s going to be a madhouse at the stores this weekend
Thanks!!
Fourteen days is the 99th percentile. Only 1% go that long. The median is 5.1 days with 95% under 6. That's based on the 181 cases in Hubei with the most complete history.   https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/32150748/
Weekend? How about tonight.
Thanks for the info!
Source? are you a WSFCSD teacher?

"Where are the tests?" - Coronavirus update from Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/slhard5cumm41.png?width=1200&format=png&auto=webp&s=d20b5bd0e090954ac2d487d07f729c9c3024443dAs of March 14 at 8:00 a.m., the state of North Carolina has a total of 680 public (i.e., non-commercial) coronavirus test kits.So the big question is, “Why don’t we have more tests?”Here’s the situation:First, there’s a difference between “test kits” and “extraction kits.”Extraction kits = extract RNA (genetic material) from nasal swabs.Test kits = test RNA to see if it’s coronavirus.We started with a national shortage of test kits. That happened because the CDC - after rejecting the WHO kits and deciding to make their own - had a manufacturing error that allowed their test kit to produce false positives. So they had to start over several weeks in.To make matters worse, while the CDC was fixing their manufacturing error there were many other labs across the country (academic and commercial labs) that wanted to produce their own test kits. But they needed federal approval to move forward, and getting that approval took a couple weeks - a serious amount of time, given the prospect of exponential viral spread.It appears we are now seeing the production of test kits ramp up from both the CDC and commercial labs like LabCorp (which happens to be headquartered here in North Carolina).BUT that leads us to our second problem, and the current major bottleneck: extraction kits.Before you can test the RNA sample from the nasal swab, you have to extract it. Doing so requires a specific chemical. The majority of this specific chemical (called a reagent) is produced by one company with production facilities in Germany and Spain.And now that specific chemical is in very high demand. The whole world wants it.A few weeks ago, the FDA started allowing independent labs to develop alternate chemical processes for RNA extraction. It’s unclear how much progress has been made.So, looking now at the big picture, we basically have a two-track testing system: public testing, which involves our main state lab in NC using the re-manufactured CDC test kits (and in NC, we currently have 680 test kits) and then there’s commercial testing.Regarding commercial testing, we really don’t know how much is happening. The commercial labs aren’t required to disclose test results unless they’re positive. In North Carolina, we have LabCorp conducting commercial tests. In Charlotte, we also have our two major hospital systems - Atrium and Novant - now saying that they are going to provide “screening.” It’s unclear whether they are simply collecting swabs and sending them to LabCorp (where they may face the same extraction kit bottleneck) or whether they’ve developed in-house capacity to actually produce their own test results.But it’s important to note that BOTH public and commercial testing appear to be hitting a bottleneck when it comes to extraction.As a result, we are not screening nearly enough people.Ideally, anyone who displays flu-like symptoms would be eligible for a public test, free of charge. That’s how we would address this like South Korea and provide for wide-scale testing on the order of tens of thousands per day.But - due to the shortage - that’s not the case. Instead, the CDC guidelines (which NC is currently following) currently state that you have to 1) display flu-like symptoms AND have had direct contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case OR, 2) you have to display flu-like symptoms AND lower respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath) AND a negative rapid flu test.A simpler way to say that is we are currently rationing public tests because we don’t have enough capacity.Congress is now providing more funding specifically for these issues and commercial labs are reportedly innovating rapidly, but this is essentially a race against time and increasing our testing capacity within the next ten days is absolutely critical. It’s also possible that the window of opportunity for containment - at least in some regions - is now closed and we’re going to have to rely heavily on social distancing to slow the rate of infection.You should also know that in the process of piecing this together I had many, many conversations with state and local health officials and every single one of them was on the same page, knew exactly what the bottlenecks were, and were working the problem. These folks get it, and they’re working around the clock for us.More updates soon.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
Would you be willing to speak to future plans, aside from testing, about how you're working to get ahead of this if possible?  Edit: You're busy answering questions all over reddit. I hope you're gathering some info for us. I know that can take a while, just ping us when you have something.
Not mentioned, the WHO kits has a false negative issue. The CDC thought they could fix that and had the opposite issue, and honestly false positives are better since people will stay isolated at worst.  The testing kits have issues all around, as does anything thrown together in months.
Very good information. Thank you for posting.
Thanks for the update!
Thanks for the update, /u/jeffjacksonnc. This is what good leadership looks like.
Oh look u/EdwardStarsmith several labs across the country were unable to mitigate the shortage & produce their own test kits because the government dragged their feet & the approval process took weeks.
Weeks is incredibly fast when it comes to a government approval process unfortunately...
Please stop. You don't know what you are talking about. There is no connection between approving a test kit, and producing a safe and effective vaccine.
“No connection” coming from the same guy who made a connection between a coronavirus vaccine & nausea treatment?
I can explain it to you. I can't understand it for you.   You said medication should be released for use without "bureaucratic red tape". I gave you an example of how that could be bad. I'm sorry you can't understand how much of the stuff you call "bureaucratic red tape" is there for reasons of safety. I'm sorry you don't understand that "bureaucratic red tape" is often there for reasons and that those reasons often involve dead or hideously disfigured people. Men, women, and children. I'm sorry that doesn't matter to you.   Just please shut up and crawl in a hole somewhere. Maybe when you get out this will all be over. Maybe when you get out you might have some idea what you are talking about.
No, moron, I never said that. I said that these things should be prioritized and finished as quickly as possible without any unnecessary delays by the government. It should not take weeks for test kits to be approved, especially when you factor in the incredible shortage of test kits we’ve had. But hey, if you want to defend the incredibly slow and inefficient bureaucratic process, go ahead. If it took 2 months for test kits to be approved you would still come back with your bullshit excuses for the incompetence we’ve seen

Coronavirus (COVID-19) Megathread
Hello friends, As the coronavirus continues to affect each one of us in our community either directly or indirectly more and more every day, we'd like to post this megathread for everything related to the pandemic. This includes closures, new cases, and any other major development in this situation. **Though this is a megathread, we'll still allow individual posts for this topic.** It's more of a central hub for quick info. **MAJOR UPDATE(S): [Stay At Home Order to begin Friday, March 27 at 5PM](https://www.cityofws.org/2680/Stay-At-Home-Order-Provisions); Statewide Monday, March 30 at 5PM****Sources for information related to Coronavirus (COVID-19)**[Official NC DHHS COVID-19 website](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-response-north-carolina)[Official CDC COVID-19 website](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-nCoV/index.html)[Official WHO COVID-19 website](https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019)[City of Winston-Salem COVID-19 website](https://www.cityofws.org/2673/COVID-19-Coronavirus-Information) *edited 3/16/20 for direct link*[City of W-S/United Way Fund for those impacted by COVID-19](https://app.mobilecause.com/vf/COVID19Forsyth) **NEW, added 3/18/20**[Coronavirus subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/)If there are any specific closings or cancellations you know of, or if you need assistance with childcare, or if you just need some toilet paper, feel free to post in this thread. Hopefully this pandemic doesn't last too long, but that remains to be seen. I don't think any one of us can say we've experienced a situation quite like this in our lifetimes, but we'll pull through somehow.Remain calm and stay safe (and healthy), Winston!
Just thought I'd provide this link to the Johns Hopkins interactive map. Usually pretty darn up to date and faster than others:   [https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html)
How many confirmed cases are in Forsyth county now? I have not seen any updated numbers in a couple days.
I am deeply concerned for our community. I do not think this city understands just how inter-connected we are to the rest of the world. I work at an "essential business"...but not the kind that puts food on our table. I also follow projected unemployment rates. I understand that every individual is trying process this situation, but here is my experience so far.  Yesterday, I assisted someone who "was able to get the last flight out of a major European hub and was clearly in shock. They then asked directions to the closest grocery store.  Today, I helped someone who just got back from a major disease hub on the West Coast to come into my workspace for a VERY non essential request. They live within a popular retirement community. They rubbed their eyes and mouth the entire time.   Meanwhile, while it's "slower than usual"... many are still coming into my place of work and think request for social distancing is funny. Oh, this isn't New York or LA or Italy? Well, where do you think the unemployed in those cities are moving back to? Their loved ones. Which includes Winston Salem.  Stay Home and support our local businesses.
Retail stores are a disaster with people panic shopping like psychos. Oh well for the no gatherings over 100 people. These places are going to turn into coronavirus factories
Also, be wary of price gouging, and report any incidents to [the appropriate authorities](https://ncdoj.gov/file-a-complaint/price-gouging/).
I think is important to say that Duke energy won't be following up on those who've had disconnection notices
The Y is temporarily closed for 2 weeks...
Support local shops & restaurants as much as you can (while minimizing contact of course!). Went to Cagney's at Cloverdale/Miller yesterday for lunch and have never seen it that slow. Certainly was attributed to the after church crowd not being around.
If anyone needs, or knows of someone who needs, groceries run for them or other errands run, message me. I don’t have social media so it’s been hard to get this going, but I want to help. Have been thinking about calling churches and asking if they know of any folks in their congregations who need groceries / supplies delivered.
All public schools are closed. Online school will start this week.
What about license plate agencies? Are they closed?
Please reach out to any of the following organizations if you are in need of FREE  face masks (Based on Availability) :    Alianza Cristiana y Misionera   Bethesda Center for the Homeless   Bethlehem Missionary Baptist Church   Boston-Thurmond Network   Brownsboro Community Partnership   Catholic Charities   Centers for Exceptional Children   Central Terrace United Methodist Church – New Story   Children’s Law Center of Central North Carolina   Christ Church Winston-Salem   City Lights Ministry   Crosby Scholars   Destiny Temple, Inc.   Dress for Success – Winston-Salem   Experiment in Self-Reliance, Inc.   Family Services Forsyth County   The Fellowship Home   Financial Pathways of the Piedmont   First Alliance Church   First Baptist Church on Fifth   Fulton Family YMCA   Greater Galilee Baptist Church   Greater Tabernacle Worship Center   greeNest   Iglesia Cristiana Sin Fronteras   Habitat for Humanity of Forsyth County   Insight Human Services   El Buen Pastor Latino Community Services   LEAD Girls of NC   Legal Aid of North Carolina   Mission on the Move Outreach   Moore Elementary Food Pantry; Highland Presbyterian Church & Temple Emanuel   Mount Calvary Holy Church   Parkway United Church of Christ   Redeemer Presbyterian Church   Royal Curtain Drama Guild Productions Inc   The Salvation Army   Samaritan Ministries   Second Harvest Food Bank of Northwest NC   The Shepherd's Center of Greater Winston-Salem   Shiloh Baptist Church   Springwell Network, Inc.   The Parenting PATH   TURN   Union Baptist Church   Whole Man Ministries   Winston Lake Family YMCA   Winston-Salem First   Winston-Salem Street School   YMCA of Northwest North Carolina   YWCA
If you’re a conservative you’ll get downvoted for posting any facts on here so don’t do it!
DSS is only taking phone calls, people will not be allowed into the building. They will try to do what they can over the phone but because of this, expect long wait times.
I saw that the courts and City Hall are closed, would anybody know if the register of deeds is closed as well? Thank you!
Are schools closing for the rest of the year in Winston Salem
https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc this page should update daily w NC numbers
I'm predicting a large increase in cases due to the following 2 observations:  \-Social distancing means trying to keep 6' away from people... that is not happening anywhere I went today    \-Social gatherings less than 10 people... two of my neighbors had drunken blow outs this weekend with lots of booze and  waaay more than 10 people plus the grocery stores were packed
12 as of 3/22/20
As a retail worker near Wake, that's my biggest fear. We're doing extra cleaning during and after store hours to be on top of this. Hopefully it makes a difference!
I think I might be a mostly asymptomatic case, young but just returning from Madrid and London and I was around a lot of sick people on the plane. I am self-isolating, but I can't get tested without speaking to a physician which I don't have so the novant hot-line told me to go to an urgent care. No way i'm going to an urgent care when I am fine but might be contagious. My worry and why I want to be tested is because I work with immunocompromised individuals and I am worried 14 day quarantine won't be enough to not spread it.
That’s crazy! My bfs job won’t allow people into the building until they have tested negative or have a doctors note. Tests are being refused because people don’t qualify for the restrictions.   My job is the opposite, they don’t care if you have a cough or a fever, unless you test positive, you still have to come to work or risk being fired.
My parents just got back from a cruise. My mom got very sick two days ago, all flu symptoms except a fever, they won’t test her until she has a fever. She’s very high risk
They don't have enough tests. They can only test 50 people statewide atm. I also heard they have to test you twice, but I am not sure. We have like 500 tests or so in the state stockpile, but with all the emergency declarations that may change soon...I hope.
Water as well
Highly likely.    My wife is in the medical field and indicated this to me at least a week ago
Thank you
Are these total cases or current cases only?
The two here are from a cruise, maybe the one in Japan, I know at least one person from Forsyth was on that cruise. They've been in isolation since they got back.

3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/p0tc389bbvm41.jpg?width=820&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=826f6540ad1c2996504a0d04b8b2c4dc7a6dfdc5As of March 15 at 11:00 a.m., North Carolina has 32 \*known\* cases of coronavirus.14 in Wake, four in Mecklenburg, two in Forsyth, two in Harnett, two in Johnston, one everywhere else.We went from seven known cases to 32 in five days.Safe to say we have more than 32 \*actual\* cases AND that no one has any idea how many we really have.BUT I've seen some moderate estimates that nationally we may have (very) roughly 15,000 cases - the bulk of which are in WA, CA, and NY.So perhaps NC is... in the hundreds?There are two issues with that prediction:\- The level of confidence in the underlying national prediction is low. Who knows if it's close to 15,000.\- The current level of cases isn't nearly as important as the rate of growth.We could have 50 cases or 200 cases in NC right now and if we see the growth rate of 6 days/double (the emerging national trend), then the starting point doesn't matter much.At that rate, it could still fill all our state's hospital beds within a matter of 8-10 weeks (depending on how long recovery takes).And that's assuming NC hospital beds don't have any other patients. Right now they're approximately 80% full. They're trying to reduce that number but it certainly won't get to 0%.**So the challenge is this:**Lower the rate of infection (through wider testing and social distancing) to lower the double rate to make sure we have beds for everyone who needs serious treatment.That's how we save the most lives.**UPDATE ON TESTING:**The state lab has tested 259 people.The main private lab, LabCorp, reportedly has capacity for 3,000 tests per day but we have no idea how many they've actually done.But don't get lost in the numbers. **Here's what really matters:**To qualify for a test you still need to meet criteria beyond simply displaying flu-like symptoms AND you still need a doctor's note. That limitation is what test rationing actually looks like in practice, and it's not good.Widespread, effective testing would look like this:Anyone with flu-like symptoms can drive up to a screening center (maybe a tent in the parking lot of a hospital or a Wal-Mart), getting a rapid flu test, and then if it comes back negative, getting a coronavirus test. That's what we need, A.S.A.P.BUT there has been significant progress in the last two days. Full update on testing progress coming tomorrow.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thanks for the update.  I really appreciate it.  They're informative.  Is there any plan to do even a small population health study?  I would LOVE to see data on 50 "healthy' people and see if there are zero exposures or 20-25.
Thank you for keeping us up to date, Senator. I really appreciate it!
Thanks for the ongoing updates! Much appreciated.
Rapid flu tests are only 50% sensitive. We are mostly screening people with a respiratory virus panel which has many of the other infections currently circulating including influenza, other coronavirus (not novel), etc. Rapid flu swabs are reportedly switching over to pcr based testing which will markedly improve sensitivity rather then the current coinflip
Thanks for the updates
Thank you
An academic institution like UNC or Duke may have in-house testing capacity that allows for this. As a state, we’re still in ration mode with tests so no, not at this time.
Thanks for the info!

Coronavirus coordination Slack channel

Yes, interested. I'm a former academic, experience in clinical health, epidemiology, statistics. Currently working as a data engineer. DM please.
I'm interested!
I think this is an incredible idea.
I'd be interested in joining as well. I'm a Government employee, now I do have to preface that with this: Anything I say is secondhand information and I will do my best to give only accurate information. I'm not a part of the City Managers task force, so you may all know any information that I do.

Officials announce changes to address coronavirus threat in Winston-Salem

"The police won't respond to minor traffic accidents." I understand, but I am decidedly not reassured about the coming months.
Working in auto claims, me either.

3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/k6apvfvzy3n41.jpg?width=940&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7978ae09c53aa502cfe3813d50670d2721c5a5cf**NC coronavirus numbers as of March 16*** 38 known cases (and 33 cases in SC)* No confirmed community spread (but nobody thinks it doesn’t exist)* One hospitalization* 369 people have been tested by the state (unknown number tested by non-state labs)* State currently has capacity for 1,300 more tests (unknown non-state capacity, but reportedly much higher)**Here’s the latest on the coronavirus testing situation in NC**There are two ways to get a test:1. A doctor decides you should have one and orders it from a commercial lab like LabCorp or from a hospital (UNC/Atrium/Novant) that has in-house testing capacity. These are "non-state" tests.2. Fever of at least 100.4 + negative flu result + *cough or shortness of breath* = you quality for a state lab test BUT a doctor still has to contact the county health department and get their permission AND we’re hearing about many cases where that permission is not being given due to scarce supply of state test kits.The immediate goal is expand testing capacity to the point where **EVERYONE who has fever + negative flu test + cough** can get tested.To see why that’s not currently happening, it helps to understand how the CDC supply chain works:* CDC sends test kits to the state* State distributes to counties* Counties release on a case-by-case basis as doctors call in**BUT*** CDC initially prioritized shipments to states that are getting slammed by coronavirus like WA and CA and NY, with states like NC only getting a small sliver.* Some counties are (reportedly) reluctant to release any test kits unless the patient has had direct contact with a COVID case - even if they meet the criteria of fever + negative flu test + cough. They are holding back for cases in which there has been direct contact with a COVID case out of a concern of lack of available tests and the need to prioritize. Some of this may have also been caused by confusion about the eligibility criteria, but fortunately the state COVID hotline - which had been overwhelmed - got extra capacity added today.But there's no question that some people who need to be tested have been turned away. Fixing that is the immediate priority.**To be clear: We need to very quickly get to a point where everyone with fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.**So what are we doing to expand capacity?* Getting more test kits from the CDC* Partnering with LabCorp and other private vendors (so we’re not as dependent on the CDC for test kits)* Partnering with UNC Health Care, which just got federal approval to start testing today and is already setting up its first drive-thru testing center in Henderson County* Several non-state health care providers are expanding their own testing abilities, like Novant, Atrium, Tryon Medical Partners (which just found one of our state's 38 cases), and a clinic in Asheville. (If you know of more, please let me know! Tomorrow I'll publish a comprehensive list.)**Bottom-line:**It's hard to get a state lab test because they are being strictly rationed but the immediate goal is to have enough testing capacity to make sure that everyone who has a fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.More soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
I really appreciate these updates. Thanks!
Thank you.
Honestly, I'm not sure I want to see updates from you any more. You've had several excellent questions posed to you the last couple of times you've posted and you won't respond but you'll respond to piddly questions elsewhere on reddit. And all you had to do was spend 3 to 5 minutes commenting on each. But, nah. Not answering means no responsibility, right?  We're not politicians or lawyers. We're not going to play the "non-answer" game. Either bone up and answer some questions or be voted out next election. Oh, wait, that's coming up in a few months. I know *I'll* remember.
just block him, nobody cares if you trust him or not.
Give u/JeffJacksonNC a break.  He is getting out more factual information than most of the media.  He is also giving it out in a non-political, non-bias way.  He has hundreds of questions coming to him... at least he can answer some.
Hi, mod here. We've been getting reports about you being a dick to others in here for a while. I've been silent thus far because I think downvotes should be enough to tell someone they're being an ass but I don't think it's getting through to you. Consider this your one and final warning. We don't tolerate assholes here. If we receive one more report about you and we determine it to be against our rules, you will be banned.   Be nice.
These updates are incredibly informative and consistent. Not to mention they’re cross posted on a dozen other NC subreddits. It’s possible that Sen. Jackson has more pressing matters to attend to than replying to your comments on his updates.
I understand. Everyone wants their question addressed and I try to answer at least a couple in different forums every time I post. But, just for perspective, today I got over 1,000 questions between various social media platforms and email. I give myself about 15-20 minutes to answer because I’ve got a pretty full day. But if there’s ever a question you feel very strongly about, message me and let me know. I’ll try to get to it.
Do you honestly think your questions are that much more important than others?  The Senator is at least making an attempt at speaking intelligently about the situation.  We are all frightened, looking for answers, and frankly shook.  At least with the Senator we are getting good information and hopefully he can answer everyone’s questions at some point.  Please be courteous, be patient, and be understanding.
Dang. What’d I miss?
I don't know about others but I hold politicians to an extremely high standard - I mean, if you're not, you've either no skin in the game or you're not paying attention, yeah? If he's that busy, perhaps he can hire someone to field questions. It's not like there's not an entire field of social media experts who make a career out of handling your online presence. *Especially* now when people need to hear from people in leadership positions more rather than less. But when I went through his history seeing what he had to say on the matter, nearly all of his answers that he provided where to questions of almost no consequence and were one or two sentences in length and those who asked thoughtful yet deeper questions were not answered nearly 100% of the time. If he's really concerned, he'll have some answers prepared, say "give me some time to answer that more deeply", and so on. Non-answers from a politician piss me slap the fuck off and there's no reason for it. Even a "that requires some time which I don't have a lot of right now, let me try to get back to you but I can't promise anything" would be better than no response.  As for downvotes, I hardly pay attention to them for a reason and it has nothing to do with the topic at hand. Since, however, you took a moment to directly talk *to* me, I'll take your statement under advisement.
Thanks. /u/dfstell94 had an excellent question the other day, one that I haven't seen others asking and I believe it's extremely relevant. Would you be willing to take at least 30 seconds to give him at least a yes or a no? Information from that can be used to identify high risk areas and lifestyles to deploy assets.  https://old.reddit.com/r/winstonsalem/comments/fj4hu9/315_update_on_coronavirus_cases_and_testing_in_nc/fkkwil5/

CORONAVIRUS: Winston-Salem officials potentially exposed to COVID-19


City pledges $1M to help people affected by coronavirus. People can also make donations on the fund.

>United Way of Forsyth County and The Winston-Salem Foundation will administer the fund.  >Among those expected to get the immediate help, officials said, are residents without health insurance or access to paid sick leave, the homeless and health care workers.  >The fund will help people in the hospitality and service industries affected by the pandemic, along with unauthorized immigrants, minorities and people with a limited ability to speak English.  >An application process for organizations to request funds will be available by March 27.  >Joines said the effort already has commitments totaling $600,000 from foundations, businesses and individuals.  >A website with more information about the fund is at app.mobilecause.com/vf/COVID19Forsyth.  >People can also make donations on the site.  https://app.mobilecause.com/vf/COVID19Forsyth

Wake Forest had its first coronavirus case

Went running there the other night. Uh oh
I was there this past weekend visiting family on campus, the whole place is shut down right now
Yea that's why it's fun to run haha

