This is not a joke. If you test positive for COVID-19, please DM me

Jesus Christ- Amazon is hiring. That’s got to be safer than the chance your lungs and hearts get holes in them just for unemployment.
I wouldn't wish on the monkey's paw for unemployment insurance like this.
Are you trying to get infected or pass off someone’s positive results as your own?
There’s emerging evidence that the virus leaves permanent scarring on your lungs, even for young people who recover fully. Even if you don’t feel like there’s any other option, this is not the answer.
Uh no don't do that.
Wow. This post breaks my heart :(
Just don’t pay your rent, no one is going to evict you, getting sick is an awful choice
I'll look into it but that doesn't guarantee me a job and certainly not in time to pay rent
Infect myself. 27 year old male.
Call your landlord immediately and let them know. I believe all evictions are halted until at least May.
I will do that as well, but that's not the only bill I have to pay. Car payment, credit cards, etc
>I believe all evictions are halted until at least May.  Is this a State of NC action?  Because Trump's pronouncement only applies to HUD housing (for tenants) and FHA loans (for mortgagees)
Call all of those companies- they are being very gracious right now. Just call them.

How you can help UNC health fight COVID-19


Moving to Chapel Hill for Residency in the Time of COVID-19
Like a few others on here I will be moving to the area soon, because of my clinical sites I'd like to be close to I-40. Checking out 1BR/1B at the Apartments at 501 Midtown--anyone heard anything +/- about these?

New Coronavirus Case In Wake County

What is the over/under on santizer and disinfecting wipes being cleared of every walmart and Target shelf within 100 miles of Wake County?    I am putting it at 5.5 days. Any bet takers?
Just be careful and make sure to wash your hands.
Yessir I go to East. Lemme know if there’s any local school cancellations please
I really appreciate CNN adding in the context that the flu killed 24 people *last week* in NC. I really hope the overall concern over this viral respiratory infection that kills older people influences how people view flu precautions in the future.
It’s already happening. A few days ago the dollar store had a bunch of hand sanitizer (pump bottles and mini travel sized bottles). I just stopped by again a few minutes ago and it’s all sold out now.
I'll take 2 days. Hand sanitizer is already gone from the shelves.
It was gone over the weekend im sure.
BeerMeSeattle?  More like COVIDMeSeattle
I can’t tell if you downplaying the coronavirus or not so I’ll add that the mortality rate for people over 70 is 8%. For people over 80 it’s 14%. This is much worse than the flu.
Just checked HT, Walgreens, and Sheetz all cleared out on sanitizer. Walgreens still has Lysol and wipes but going fast.
Yo ready to get corona?
I think Mr Slinks here just wants to highlight the importance of regular flu vaccinations, as many old folks might not be able to receive vaccines due to conditions, but can still become exposed to non-vaccinated carriers.  No doubt this strain is more lethal
My point is that we under-prepare for the regular flu every year even though it is guaranteed to kill 10,000 to 60,000 people. I totally agree that COVID could end up being much worse until we get a vaccine, but we treat the flu like it's a bad cold when it's not and I think that using COVID articles to remind people about the flu is totally appropriate since the precautions are all the same.  Take my company policies as an example:  * COVID: Mandatory, office-wide policy that we can't come into the office if we start showing symptoms. If you test positive for COVID, you are not allowed back into the office until you submit a letter to HR from your doctor certifying that you're no longer infected (which, btw, is a total waste of health care resources during a pandemic and no doctor's office is actually going to write letters or run tests on recovered people). * Flu: Our company policy is that taking more than 3 sick days in a row for a medical illness (i.e., not surgical recovery) requires a doctor's note (also a total waste of health care resources). So if you get the flu, you either have to go to your doctor against medical advice ($$), or you're actually required by company policy to come into the office while still contagious.
The mortality rate for children for the flu is 2% and Coronavirus is 0%. We understand that you pro-choice people don’t value children’s lives, but add these statistics to your post for clarity. Children are more vulnerable to the flu and planned parenthood than they are Coronavirus.
I wonder if bath and body works still had sanitizer.
Vaccinations, hand washing, cough/sneeze hygiene, self-quarantining, all of it!
I’m late to this post but the answer is that yes they did, had a 5 for $7 deal which would normally have been $10. I got 5 and took them to my girl who was studying abroad in France, but we are back now (and hiding ourselves at the beach).

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing


Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now


"Where are the tests?" - Coronavirus update from Sen. Jeff Jackson


3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson


3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson


