COVID-19 confirmed at Fort Bragg


Man in North Carolina tests positive for coronavirus, is 'doing well' - WRAL


Coronavirus

I'm not sure. Can't they still give classes via Skype?
Classes would not be cancelled cancelled. They would be switched to online delivery for the remainder of the term.
If you've spent any time at the Skibo Road Walmart, you're already immune to coronavirus, herpes and much more.
My professor at FTCC said that online classes would occur. Is COVID even close to us? I thought it was just in Wake County.
Ftcc? Probably not, although the ftcc president did say if you get sick no matter what it is Don't come
FTCC classes are online now lol
Why are you worried. It's just a hoax by the liberal democrat socialist communist marxists. There isn't a real virus is just CNN is lying and Fox news is telling the 100% truth.
Or Blackboard Collaborate, but it would be harder if we're taking subjects like physics or calculus because it would be a lot rougher taking the exams on the camera.
COVID is not even close to us. It is in Wake County, but it is spreading places elsewhere like a wildfire and it is best to be prepared.
There's a second case in Chatham county thats about 30 miles away from us. Still a bit of distance. We also had a lot of military personnel come in from Italy and Korea.

Two confirmed coronavirus cases in Fayetteville/Fort Bragg

I’d like a better source than a Facebook quote.
[https://www.fayobserver.com/news/20200313/no-positive-cases-of-coronavirus-at-fort-bragg](https://www.fayobserver.com/news/20200313/no-positive-cases-of-coronavirus-at-fort-bragg)  &#x200B;  where did you hear that?

Cape Fear Valley Hospital confirms positive coronavirus diagnosis in patient

I'll be fine. I'm in my toilet paper fort
... that's when a 4 day weekend becomes a 4 month weekend
I don’t understand why everyone needs SO MUCH toilet paper. I work at Carlie Cs and we went through two pallets in an hour because so many people were buying 6-7 packs of it at once.
Mob mentality. No one knows why, but everyone else is, so they don't wanna be left out.

Two cases of coronavirus confirmed at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center


Coronavirus

well guys, oluis4545 said it. No need to worry. Time to start going to basketball games again.
None of you know how long the virus will last. Neither do i.
They are shutting schools down because if  one kid catches the Corona virus at school their parents will sue the shit out the school. So it's a precaution.
the virus will come and go  the economic fallout will be massive, this is the thing to worry about.
If it does last a long time, it will last a month to the most. Also, Campbell University to transitioning to online and is expected to have classes in person on April 6th. This can also apply to public and private schools that are expected to be back in regular classroom sessions  on March 30th.
What are your credentials to make such a statement? are you a virologist who went back to FTCC to knock some classes out?

Coronavirus and weekend plans
Well, I've had a big, exuberant and raunchy weekend planned with some of my college buddies for months now, we planned to paint the town red and hit as many strip clubs as possible Friday night. But this coronavirus bullshit looks poised to throw a monkey wrench in our plans, and I can't find a straight answer anywhere. I heard something about places shutting down at 5 PM, but I also heard it's possible that it only applies to places that serve food. That automatically includes some strip clubs, which is not a big deal really since strip club grub is notoriously shitty. But obviously not all strip clubs serve food, so they might be exempt from this curfew if they don't? I'm very confused about all of this. A buddy of mine is getting married and we wanted to have one last evening of fun before the funeral (his wedding day). Can somebody please explain to me what's going on? And possibly give me the rundown on which bars will be open and closed, so we can save and maximize our time to enjoy as much revelry and debauchery as possible? I'll owe you big if you can help, and the more the merrier so you're welcome to join in the fun if you're free Friday and a cool, fun loving person too! And just for the record, none of us are sick and none of us would be going out if we were. We're not stupid or irresponsible people!
Play a game -- if you'd like some recs I'd be happy to recommend some, both free and budget options   Watch a series  Do something creative.  Please do what you can to limit the spread, even if you aren't at immediate risk of getting ill or dying from it.
Bro just don’t. Seriously. I’m sorry your buddies bachelor party is ruined, but we’re literally in a pandemic. C’mon man. Use your head.
Deal with it.
In Cumberland county? Nothing related to the virus, as far as the authorities and media have said. That's why I wanted to see what entertainment options are available.
What am I supposed to be dealing with? That was why I asked.

Fayetteville Observer Editorial: NC’s testing ability for coronavirus is welcome news

Why are we still waiting on negative flu tests? We need to start testing people with symptom en masse and quarantining the sick. This is the only way to stop this.  And what is this bull of uninsured 'call this number'. We can not delay testing over insurance.
This is still a nightmare to be tested. We all have symptoms and the doctor doesn’t want us to come in for any kind of testing. They just refer us to the state hotline, which just says to stay home and manage symptoms. They should be doing drive thru flu tests for everyone and then if negative, issue a covid test.
Go race a car or something.
This right here is how you spread a virus. Reporting this
hell yeah brother

Pox parties, corona virus and immunity
Now I'm a little older than probably most of ya'll on this site, and I've been lurking for some time reading this forum, and decided to make an account today to gather opinions on this new plague that has been unleashed across this land. Now when I was little boy and before vaccines were invented, my mother, my friends parents and millions of other parents across the country would hold pox parties and measles parties so their kids would get immunity from these diseases, since it was a foregone conclusion that almost everyone would catch them at some point in their life anyway, and both chickenpox and measles are far more dangerous when experienced as an adult. It probably sounds crazy to you youngsters, you Generation Z kids, but that's how it was done back in my day. Now see what I'm trying to figure out is, this corona virus is exactly the same, it don't seem to negatively affect children, but is devastating to adults. So I'm trying to figure out if we might see a renaissance of these pox parties to get out population immunity towards this corona flu that's out there now. I've been hearing it could be years before a vaccine is made, if it ever is. So what do you think? Is a pox party revival something that may be in our future? I'm actually very grateful my mother took me to one when I was little boy. Chickenpox and the measles was no fun to go through, but it could of been far worse if she hadn't did it! Disclaimer: I'm not a doctor nor do I claim to be one! I just want to hear your opinions!
So you are forgetting a very large downside to the pox parties. As an adult people that got chickenpox at a young age are now highly susceptible to getting shingles later in life when our immune systems are compromised. See link below for more information on the link between shingles and chickenpox.   [https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/shingles/symptoms-causes/syc-20353054](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/shingles/symptoms-causes/syc-20353054)   Now as for why we shouldn't treat COVID-19 in the same manner. The bottom line is we don't know the effects it will have on small children as they grow up. Maybe like the chickenpox virus it will lay dormant and cause something far worse later down the line. Maybe it wont. Right now we don't know.
A vaccine is being approved by the fda now. It should be a few more months not years.
Good point! I hadn't thought about that yet.
That is wrong. A vaccine won't be available for over a year.

