Its a shame Taco Roos had to cancel the Grand Opening because of Covid-19

I swear this is a cover for something else. FBI? Drug lords? Where all the TP is being held? All maybes.
Celebrating their grand opening and christmas at the same time is going to be really nice.
Honestly, their foolishness is making me question whether the food will even be good.
ever since tacoroos came to town, the price of livers and kidneys have been drastically cheaper on the black market hmmmmm
I live in NYC and joined this sub because I think Wilmington is cool. The tacoroo’s posts are my favorite. If it ever opens, I’m flying in for chicken strips and tacos.
My son says when he grows up he’s gonna be their first employee

First Case of COVID-19 in New Hanover County

So, I’m interested if this person is at the hospital? Or just at home?  Edit: the article at first just said they were “following isolation protocols” but it has now been updated to say the person is home after testing positive at their PCP.
Should we expect all non essentials to be fully closed by the weekend, or would they wait for more confirmed cases?
Move this to the "important Weekly Info" post started earlier in the week.
Yikes ! I know it's against the rules, but would there be value in naming these infectious people ? At least some information about where they might have been ? I know that's a slippery slope and all, but I'd like to know if I was at TacoRoos  the same day !
According to news reports, they are resting comfortably at home.  So it sounds like they may be doing better than the rest of us.
Nah they’re at my house right now. Just got done working out together, now we’re checking each other’s breath to make sure it’s minty fresh. You coming over soon?
We very easily could be heading this direction...I spoke with a small business owner today who believes it will be in the next week or so.
Will do.
They’ll try to contact you if you were.  A co-worker was at a restaurant in Raleigh at the same time as an infected individual and they tracked down the other patrons via credit card slips/friends
Get in line. We *were all at tacoruse that day.*  Most of us got violently sick. No word on whether it had anything to do with Corona.
Ready for the order. Just get it over with already. Got everything in place and ready for the call.  We still got amusement parks, open patios and secret underground bars going on all over town. Time to play hard ball.  This is why you have only a few chiefs and many many many Indians. The sooner we accept the order the sooner we get some of our freedoms restored.
I hope they wait until we have some "community" based spreading, where there is no connection between the cases. So far that hasn't happened. So Far
So like that time the Health Department knocked on my door about the hooker with the clap ?
Why wait? Isn’t community spreading what we’re trying to avoid?
That we know of...that’s the main problem.
You paid for a hooker with a CC?
Because that is a pretty heavy handed response to 1 positive person, who is resting at home. I do hope you are practicing what you preach and have self quarantined so I don't have to worry that you haven't washed your hands.
You actually can, but not around here probably. If you don't count very expensive dinners and some jewelry, I've never paid directly for sex. But if I get $1000 out of this virus shit I might. The Health Department scare is true however. Not me, but the guitar player in my band. And she was just a groupie. Music lover ya know?
We only know of one case, expect there to be more. Heavy handed approach is best in my opinion, why not when it’s (self quarantining) the most effective way of not spreading the virus? It’s already happening...
As a general rule, I try not to ignore people who bother to reply to something I've posted. That would be rude. That said, one cannot argue opinions without facts, and I'm afraid neither of us really have those, so here's to your health.
Stay tuned for the facts my friend....they’re all around us...just not necessarily facts and figures from US.
Here's a fun fact for you. Look at the new data out of Wuhan. The morbidity rate was way over estimated. Italy does seem to be having more trouble than most, but I don't think they are a great model to base all projections on.
I’ve seen the most recent data on Wuhan. You’re right about Italy. I don’t think they’re necessarily the model to base projections on, but I stand by my opinion on taking a heavy handed approach. If states continue to operate in silos, the self-quarantining/shelter-in-place efforts will be all for naught.

Burr Recording Sparks Questions About Private Comments On COVID-19

Oh and it gets [worse](https://www.propublica.org/article/senator-dumped-up-to-1-6-million-of-stock-after-reassuring-public-about-coronavirus-preparedness)! >Soon after he offered public assurances that the government was ready to battle the coronavirus, the powerful chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Richard Burr, sold off a significant percentage of his stocks, unloading between $582,029 and $1.56 million of his holdings on Feb. 13 in 29 separate transactions.  How is this not insider trading?
I'm sure Tillis knew as well he just wasn't recorded but he is running for reelection. I hope people keep that in mind
https://www.axios.com/richard-burr-coronavirus-stock-7bd10426-de87-43d7-9939-8241d2ab08db.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=1100
He's always been a pig-faced piece of shit.
Just another example of how to get representation in the US, money.
Wait, hold up. I don't see what's wrong here. I think what you're getting at is that he had a hunch and he didn't share that hunch with everyone?  The man obviously knows what he's talking about on this topic, and cares a lot about it. Maybe he wasn't ready to spread this message publicly for a reason. Possibilities include: The federal government was still formulating its response. It needed to prepare a consistent message. (Trump f**d that one up.)  The NPR person said 'it could have given people more time to prepare'. But really? I don't see the evidence that things would have been that different preparedness-wise three weeks ago versus now. And the message could have just caused undue panic if things had turned out any different in any number of ways.  There are plenty of good reasons why people hate Republicans, and apparently this guy as well, but this being one of them seems a little unfounded, if that article is all there is to go on.
I was going to say dog-faced pony soldier, but I think your description is more accurate.

Local towns close beaches in response to COVID-19 - WWAY TV

It seems pretty clear that no one is going to be allowed to go anywhere, not even for a drive in the car, really soon. Breaking up the spring breakers does make sense, but what of us locals who just want to take an evening walk alone on the beach and not come into contact with anyone? Totally understand the social distancing policy, but is literal house arrest for months on end taking things a too far? If you are extremely at-risk, don’t go out on the beach. I just feel like we should still be able to responsibly be allowed to be certain places safely.
Will Kure Beach's restrictions, if they wrongly enact them, affect Ft. Fisher?  The state has said that state parks, recreation areas and trails would remain open, it would only be the Visitors centers and camp sites that are closed.
CB is closing access to the beaches.
This was the latest update as of last night regarding NHC parks. It could obviously change today, since this is a fast moving and volatile situation.     [https://parks.nhcgov.com/covid19/](https://parks.nhcgov.com/covid19/)     [https://portcitydaily.com/local-news/2020/03/20/new-hanover-county-declares-state-of-emergency-restricts-all-gatherings-over-10-people-free-read/](https://portcitydaily.com/local-news/2020/03/20/new-hanover-county-declares-state-of-emergency-restricts-all-gatherings-over-10-people-free-read/)
So you can still access the beach through a private residence, this will be nice
I agree.  I was holding onto solo beach walks as my last ray of sanity.  Really sucks that spring breakers ruined that much needed mental health outlet for the rest of us. I think the town leaders did make the right call, it's just a tough pill to swallow. I do worry if they will also start closing parks and nature trails.  Not all of us have neighborhoods that are safe or nice to walk around in.
Unfortunately we can only move as fast as our slowest people. Too many people ignoring the warnings to not gather in groups so they’ve had to take this precaution.
100% agree.
Wondering this as well. Really want to surf Monday lol.
Hopefully this doesn’t delay the opening of Britts!
Basically, they can't close down the ocean, because...well, it's the fucking ocean. But our ability to access it has been reduced, unsurprisingly, to about a 1% option. So, yeah, that blows. I mean, I want to take my kayak out, so maybe I can still use the boat ramps, as I think they're still open.
Yes, technically no one owns the area beyond mean low level water, generally low tide mark, but they do control the land area adjoining it. If you have a boat or an oceanfront residence, you could probably be at the beach, but there is no guarantee that beach patrol and local PD would take into account these edge cases and nuances in real time and you might have a hassle. Boating to masonboro should be fine.
Yes it will be nice for those rich enough to have private residence at the beach.
I know.  I was hoping that get some early season fishing in
britts will not be opening. check their page.

Mosquitos and COVID-19 (deleted and reposted due to my dumbass spelling it wrong)
Do we have any information if the virus can be transmitted through mosquitos? I am sure you have all seen the increase. I live near the river and close to a creek and the past few days they have been ramping up to our usual obnoxious levels. Also, do we know if the city is going to spray soon?
Last thing i saw from CDC was that they can not transmit it.
Thank you.  I tried to find info on the CDC site but I am bad at looking that stuff up.  If you have a link I would appreciate it!!
https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/advice-for-public/myth-busters  This is from world health but its linked to on the CDC site directly
Thank you!!!!!
Youre welcome!

New Hanover County, UNCW identify additional COVID-19 positives

All 3 new cases are associated with interstate travel. One case was aware of symptoms for several days before seeking medical attention.  Please do not be like this person. Contact the Health Dept, or go to the ER or your doctor's office if you think you have symptoms. If possible, please give the provider some advance notice, so that they can be better prepared for your arrival.
Here is a link to the current recommendations for this situation:  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/if-you-are-sick/steps-when-sick.html
Agreed, but don't just stroll into the er. Call your primary care doctor, and they'll tell you the procedure. Walking into the er is a dangerous approach.

NHRMC doesn’t give a shit about Covid-19

The usefulness of third hand information(my husband’s coworker) at this time is very low. In any case, I think a gathering of health professionals is a valid exemption to any current guidelines. Also, masks in a food preparation setting don’t really mean much, they are literally touching the food and serving utensils. Please remain calm.
If this is really happening, why are you on reddit? Go to the news; this would be fucking gold for them.
My husband is really upset because unlike a lot of others I’ve been self quarantined for a week. He doesn’t want to give anything to me or any of the patients.
My husband worked with someone who three days ago was forced by the hospital to go to an orientation with 50 other people in a small room, the same orientation my husband went to two years ago, and they held it just three days ago isn’t good enough info for you? Okay. Sounds like you must know a shit ton about it...
Also sounds like you don’t know Jack shit about how disease spreads

Five Additional COVID-19 Cases Confirmed In New Hanover County

IMO there are many more cases and you shouldn’t trust the amount reported. We are all likely exposed to it I think and the number of cases is not accurately recorded due to lack of knowing.
Atleast we have a fuck ton of grocery stores here.
Meanwhile I still have to go into Lowe’s home improvement because it has been deemed “essential”.  Now I get to clean up after all the people that are out and about getting supplies to keep themselves busy for this bs. I guess I’m even more expendable than I thought. They could atleast give us hazard pay for the ones who still show up.
I completely agree. These are just the “known” cases. There are several people that most likely have it but were denied testing
That's pretty much the opinion of everyone, officials and non officials.
Yep.   I personally know someone who has a cough, aches & fever but tested negative for flu.  They didn't meet the criteria for shortness of breath (Doctor said you pretty much have to sound like you just finished a sprint) so they couldn't get tested for covid test.  Don't even know if this person is counted as a suspected case in the reporting.
Yeah I was at the Lowe’s on College today and they pretty much had everything they needed. We had to substitute vitamin D milk for whole milk but other than that they had everything.
Happy cake day.
What about some hazard pay atleast. Everyone else gets 2 weeks paid off. But I still have to go to fuckin work everyday. I think it’s just a slap in face and motivation to get a new job.
Because I’m home so much I’ve now noticed bird noises coming from my bathroom vent: awesome. Trip to Lowe’s was in order for some new pest cages for external vents and new ducting!
Also management is not telling anyone who is sick or not. So good luck with that

NHRMC & Covid-19
I don't work there but I have plenty of people who are close to me that do. The hospital is a joke, I can't stand hearing about how management treats the employees and focuses more on the bottom line than on anything else. (I understand it's a business so it can of course be a conflict of interest.)I've heard they're writing up employees for wearing their own masks to the hospital since the hospital will not supply their own... All over the nation hospitals are running low on supplies to the point where health care workers are putting themselves at great risk by reusing protective equipment in the more hard hit areas and being at great risk of becoming infected.  I think the least that our hospital can do is focus on the safety of their employees who will be taking care of us and our loved ones as things continue to get worse...NYC hospitals are now at capacity... Other areas I'm sure are soon to follow...  I really hope that NHRMC doesn't screw over our health care workers and in return the rest of us as this virus gets worse.Sincerely,Angry and concerned husband of a nurse
I work at NHRMC and have knowledge on the status of the supplies needed to treat COVID-19 patients.  We currently have all necessary supplies with more on the way.  Also, "I understand it's a business..." you do know that it's a non-profit right?
So... you   Heard it from a friend who  Heard it from a friend who  Heard it from another you been messin' around  They say you got a boy friend  You're up late every weekend  They're talkin' about you and it's bringin' me down
Is the rumor true that staff is facing disciplinary action and even termination if they dont enter contaminated patients rooms even though the hospital can't give them PPE?
Not trying to start a reddit argument here. I’m glad you feel confident about it. I really want to be wrong about how I think this will go.   Yes, non-profits still rely on making margins off of the work done in order to fund itself, so the business thinking is there.
No.
No, but healthcare workers aren’t allowed to wear proper PPE when meeting any patients that aren’t actually confirmed yet to have covid-19 but have the symptoms... From what I’ve heard.

6 New "Travel Related" COVID-19 cases in New Hanover county, 21 total. We need to shut down short term rentals NOW!
[21 cases of COVID-19 in New Hanover county](https://www.wwaytv3.com/2020/03/27/21-cases-of-covid-19-in-new-hanover-county/)The vast majority of COVID-19 cases in New Hanover county are "travel related", [aka people fleeing infection hotspots to take a "coronacation"](https://www.wect.com/2020/03/24/visitor-confirmed-have-covid-while-vacationing-brunswick-county/). We've already seen [other beach communities shut down short term rentals](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241265921.html) to safeguard their residents, why have we not done the same here? NHRMC serves 6 counties in the Cape Fear, and absolutely cannot [cope with an influx of infected tourists](https://www.airbnb.com/s/Wilmington--NC/homes?adults=1&children=0&checkin=2020-03-28&checkout=2020-04-04&source=mc_search_bar&place_id=ChIJ1a7rDaL1qYkRMjAJhDhJZl4&click_referer=t%3ASEE_ALL%7Csid%3A52ff4ce3-966c-4a67-8186-9c639dfb66ac%7Cst%3ALANDING_PAGE_MARQUEE&title_type=NONE&refinement_paths%5B%5D=%2Fhomes). We need to shut down short term rentals NOW, before the burden becomes too great!
CB shut down short terms and Airbnb is still renting them out.  This is not going to end well for Airbnb, if they don’t start following the rules.
Wait...What the actual fuck? I was led to believe by town council that short term rentals ended. As in it’s on the fucking webpage for the town. Here is the link  [https://www.carolinabeach.org/home/showdocument?id=1248](https://www.carolinabeach.org/home/showdocument?id=1248)  I know several people who absolutely would not have been going to the island grocery stores if we knew they hadn’t truthfully ended short terms. Get your shit together Leanne and the rest of you. You can obviously post to FB, and IG, for your personal businesses... so any claim of not knowing how the internet works ...specifically..  Airbnb( and other short term rental sites) is Not a valid excuse.
They’re shutting down Monday
All the New Yorkers are coming down too
[AirBnB is listing 200+ available rentals in Carolina Beach over the next week.](https://www.airbnb.com/s/Carolina-Beach--NC/homes?adults=1&children=0&checkin=2020-03-28&checkout=2020-04-04&source=mc_search_bar&place_id=ChIJX3uVVfX4qYkRVpsed3xis78&click_referer=t%3ASEE_ALL%7Csid%3Ac81f1730-41eb-419e-8e91-142f43ff213f%7Cst%3ALANDING_PAGE_MARQUEE&title_type=NONE&refinement_paths%5B%5D=%2Fhomes)  I don't live in CB, but if I did, I would be spamming the towns social media accounts and facebook groups to call attention to this problem. If the leadership in CB is anything like Wilmington, they won't do anything until they're shamed into it.
They ended them and are planning to issue citations, but how do you police this?  Also property owners are free to come and go.  So short terms are now full of owners and/or renters. The town is busy today.
What’s so dramatic?
Thank you! Someone needed to say that everyone sounds like such a self important dork.
Don’t worry, there are no bookings. I manage Airbnb’s and every single one has canceled through April. They are open to locals in the medical industry who may not want to stay at their homes and risk exposing their families.  Edit: These are not at the beaches. Those are closed. All of mine are now empty through April.  Edit 2: the just stopped all short term rental in new Hanover county.
Oh people are spamming the town over it.
You enforce it through subpoenaing records from Airbnb and the other short term companies. Then you can cross reference that with property tax recordings. This should be done by town council or legal counsel of the town immediately. This is negligence. Think anyone on council or family/friends owns any of these short term rentals?  edit: it was negligent of the town council to not notify all major short term rental businesses on March 20 to cease and desist listings.
Genuinely curious, did you cancel them as an owner/manager? Or was there a block from AirBNB? How was “locals in the medical industry “ verified?      don’t get me wrong, I’m all about keeping our first responders safe and well taken care of, and that doesn’t seem like it was a bad faith use of short term rentals.
At least one owns a motel.  Which is closed. I think the council is wanting to do what is best for the public.  And it’s the owners that are doing otherwise.
Yeah, I know ...and they will be getting part of the hotel bailout too.

Anyone have any idea where the first COVID-19 case in Brunswick county originated from? I’ve got this theory that it had to have been somewhere in the St. James area. Reasoning: the large amount of NYC and NY state transplants that split time between the two areas.
Edit: not sure where all the hate and downvoting comes from, but newsflash people, just because you don’t believe in something doesn’t make it “not a real thing”. Kinda amazing that there are so many still in denial.
That's literally all the newer communities around Brunswick...
Fuck yeah Scooby-Doo keep us updated!
Believe aren't downvoting because they are in denial. It's just a blah post with no substance. Happens to the best of us
Well, your guesses are wrong, and wtf does it matter at this point anyway?  What are you going to do?  Sue them?  The first case in Brunswick was coming back from Louisiana and came in through ILM.  There were literally news articles about it, and it was fairly common knowledge.  So maybe take this free time and attend an Epidemiologic Sleuthing Course on Udemy or something.
Very true.
Wow. Just wow.
No problem, Captain Dipshit. Sure all of this is a hoax.
Wtf is “slething” my guy? Why all the mad? If you’re not genuinely concerned just in general, well then I’m sure you’re not the brightest bulb in the box, and not just from your spelling flub. “Sue them”? You are less than intelligent aren’t you? What would even be the basis for it? You just seem mad and I’m going to guess it’s because you’re not getting that entire months worth of minimum wage check.
I mean, wrong again?  I'm a wfh perm employee in tech with a six figure salary.  You sort of suck at this.  I'm generally concerned about the welfare of my family, which is the only thing I have any control over.  It doesn't make any difference where it came from, who brought it in, etc.  It's here.  What could you possibly do with that information?  And honestly, with the low amount of testing going on in this state and county, trying to pinpoint patient zero for Brunswick or NHC is an exercise in futility.  But knock yourself out dude.
Thank you.
Merely an observation Mr. High-and-mighty six figure tech guy. Not trying to pinpoint patient zero. You think I’m out to “sleth” patient zero? No buddy. Not at all. Simply wondered if there might be a correlation between the two. Excuse me Mr. Six Figures, btw, hows the air up there on your high horse? I know the virus is here. That wasn’t the point. Seems like you’ve got more salary than sense is what I gleaned from this exchange. Way to really identify with all of us not pulling six figures, dipshit. I mean, you lead with that. What difference does your salary make guy?
You're a fucking idiot.  Eat a dick.
Only your mom’s

NHRMC opens temporary structure to meet needs during COVID-19 pandemic

So how was your day

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, there is some confusion and misinformation about what is happening in North Carolina.Here are the facts as of March 9, 1:30 p.m.:**Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina**Wake County - Individual traveled from State of Washington, where they were exposed at a long-term care facility. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.Chatham County - Individual traveled to Italy and also had contact with someone who was confirmed positive in Georgia. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.In addition, an individual in Spartanburg, SC, who has tested positive recently returned from Italy through Charlotte's airport. There are currently NO reported cases in Mecklenburg.**Current Testing Roadblocks**NC has begun testing cases at the NC State Laboratory of Public Health, which allows for faster results (24-hour turnaround time).However, NC has not received the number of kits we had hoped to receive from the CDC. Two factors are making this a more critical situation.  * First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  * Second, the case in Chatham County will likely result in a need for more tests.The laboratory supplies we have on-hand from the CDC are only adequate to test approximately 150 individuals. Additional supplies en route to NC, however those incoming shipments will only allow us to test an additional 500 people, far below what is needed under the new CDC guidance. In addition, a small portion of our supplies will be earmarked to perform confirmatory testing for our state’s clinical laboratory partners – per federal requirements – while they implement their own testing for COVID-19.Our NC DHHS sent a letter to Secretary Azar explaining the situation and critical need for more test kits. They have been in contact with our federal delegation and have had communication with the White House.**Testing Outlook**Our NC DHHS signed an agreement with UNC on Wednesday and Duke on Thursday so they can begin testing\*.\* UNC will be able to start testing early this week. We are still waiting on confirmation for the Duke timeline. However, the shortage of testing kits from the CDC will also hamper their ability to test the number of people we should be testing based on the new CDC guidance.In addition, LabCorps will begin testing in the next couple of weeks. They have a 3-4 day turnaround time at this point. They will be using their own test so they won't be limited by the CDC supply issues. LabCorps will eventually help some of the volume, but it will take time to ramp up. Also, that turnaround time is a challenge because the folks that LabCorps test will need to stay quarantined 3-4x longer than the ones we test (assuming they're negative - positives will have the same isolation period). **State Preparation & Constituent Resources**Last month, Governor Roy Cooper established the COVID-19 Task Force to support the state’s ongoing effort to monitor, prepare for and respond to COVID-19.He also ordered the creation of the COVID-19 Helpline toll free at 1-866-462-3821. To ask questions online NC citizens should visit [www.ncpoisoncontrol.org](http://www.ncpoisoncontrol.org/) and select “chat.”**Requests for the Public**If and when community transmission accelerates, then slowing the rate of infection will be key to making sure our hospitals are not overwhelmed. Follow these recommendations not just to protect yourself and your family, but to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure that our hospitals don't get hit all at once:* Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.* Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.* Avoid exposure to others who are sick.* Stay home when you are ill.I will keep you posted as we learn more.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
[5 more North Carolinians infected, total of 7 known cases in the state](https://www.wral.com/five-biogen-workers-in-rtp-test-positive-for-coronavirus/19002083/)
Thanks!
Thank you! Keep up the good work!
.  r/coronanc
Around 80% have “mild” symptoms, which can include severe flu-like symptoms and even pneumonia.  Approximately 20% (that’s one of every five people) have difficulty breathing and require hospitalization and treatment.  About 6% cannot breathe at all and require a ventilator in ICU.  You’re really much better off just paying attention now and again, and taking appropriate precautions to avoid getting infected.

Gov. Cooper declares State of Emergency due to Coronavirus

So I'm guessing there's not a WHOLE lot beyond the headline there for important information but I got bombarded with page fadeouts pleading me to turn off my adblocker and requests to allow notifications from the site and probably a few more things so I just closed right out of the tab.  Is this like setting up a state of emergency before a hurricane so gas stations don't charge $4 a gallon of gas?
Wasn't there a post to sign a petition to cancel the Azalea Festival this year, just the other day??? I checked today but don't see it, but then again maybe I just missed... I thought that was overkill at first but once I started to think about it, I don't think it is... just thinking of all of the people there and people possibly traveling into the area from out of town... even if you decide to avoid the festival due to your concerns, you're bound to run into someone who went, or run into someone who ran into someone who went... I'm mainly concerned about older adults with co-morbidities that this seems to affect the most... if things are still going at this rate seems that is should just be cancelled, but we're so stuck on tradition here I think people are too oblivious & arrogant they wouldn't dare cancel the festival because it's always gone on... traditions are meant to be broken, given the right reason, in my humble opinion...
Weren’t there only two cases in the whole state?
5 more cases and someone in SC that has the virus came back through Charlotte from Italy 3 weeks ago I believe.  They are expecting more cases to pop up in the next few days.  Time will tell though.
Are you fucking serious?? I was told by our leadership that this was just going to “go away.”  What a disappointment. Sheesh.
Good, maybe people will start taking this thing seriously now.
That's just NC getting in line for whatever Federal assistance is coming down the pike. NC has 7 confirmed cases, no deaths, so it's hardly an "emergency" but sure, get in line just in case it becomes one.
Basically. It is to stop price gouging and to be on the fast track for Federal funding.
There's five more from last night, but much like for hurricanes and such, this is a procedural action so they can access certain funding, deploy personnel, etc.
There are now 7 cases.
things like that make me thankful we are at the end of the road vs pass through.   Just think how many folks could pass through most other cites in NC on the interstate, stop for a bite to eat, and move on to their final destination.
If by "go away" they mean part of the "new" normal like H1N1 is the main part of the flu season now, then yea.
Much like the Black Death just 'went away', I'm sure.
Wow yeah that’s a little scary.
Shit.
Don't forget the Azalea Festival coming up in a few weeks
Azalea Festival will be cancelled. Schools will follow. UNCW moves to online classes. Students start moving back home. National state of emergency is declared. Trump will catch the virus. Pence will catch the virus. Martial law in some places. No tourist season. Pumped up stock market will implode. Recession. "Cocooning" collapses real estate market. Virus misinformation and minimization leads to unnecessary death. Hottest year on record. Major hurricane hits southeast.  I think it's gonna be a turbulent year.
No way that isn't gonna be canceled.
This an awesome post! Forgot the asteroid though!
Well that escalated quickly 😳  But, I have to admit I’ve played out several scenarios in my head somewhat similar to this...
Wasn't implying it would, just that there will be thousands of people coming and gathering in a small area
Which is why it's probably gonna be canceled. Hopefully it does at least. I personally don't want any fun event to be canceled but if it involves the safety of people then, y'know.
They won't cancel it. Money talks and the festival brings in too much to the area for them to do that. If the city and county did what was best for the citizens then things would be a lot different here.
Ughhh...I think you’re right. 😕I commented about the azalea festival on this thread yesterday, but didn’t realize y’all had already brought it up...who knows?! Maybe we’ll both be surprised!

New Hanover officials recommend ‘social distancing’ for those vulnerable to coronavirus

I’ve been training my whole life for this.  [Don’t Stand So Close To Me](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KNIZofPB8ZM).
Can anyone confirm that some PPD employees have been asked to self quarantine? Thanks
Can confirm. Quarantine for a month is like a dream come true. Introverts have been planning for this their entire lives
Recommended in the case of returning from an impacted area, none have been announced.

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
For those who want a quick and easy snapshot of #of cases/deaths in various areas, this Link from Johns Hopkins is pretty   handy.      [https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)
I’m doing my part by actively giving people dirty looks that cough or sneeze into their hands.
I’m just waiting for Azalea to get canceled. I work downtown and just don’t want to deal with cluster fuck. I’m hoping this shit kinda blows up just to avoid it, as shitty as that is.
Just wash your hands a lot.  The odds of surviving the virus if you get it are in your favor, statistically speaking.  Unless you are an elderly person.
Jeff,  When are we going to actually DO something about this virus?  We should've taken steps a month ago, before it got here.  Now it's here and we are barely tracking it.  Our government has failed to protect us from this virus, and we had a clear warning it was coming.
Hey thanks Jeff this is pretty thoughtful. I have no idea who you are but this is useful info thanks man
Fortunately we are heading into a warm season and people are not confined. And here’s a odd question, why a shortage on toilet paper ? Seriously why ? I can understand cleaning products but toilet paper ?
Not taking it serious lol very low case + death rate especially for my young age. I just keep good hygiene and stay away from people with it which is nobody here rn and I’m chilling
So there is only 1 confirmed positive case in NC. The rest are still presumptive positive according to NCDHHS.
China itself hasn't even passed 100k confirmed yet and has seen decreasing amounts of new cases throughout the past week showing signs of containment, etc.  Hinting that the US will go past 1.5 million cases is kind of ridiculous when we haven't even gone past 1k at this point, unless you posit that our country will do a much worse job of handling and containing the spread of the virus?  Kind of seems like you are trying to freak people out more than they already might be as opposed to providing reliable information.  Just a thought.
Thank you.  Some sanity.
Looks like you got your wish.
Yep, that's a pretty shitty thought process.
My parents are elderly and live in a 55+ community in the greater Wilmington area. Safe to say that I’m more than a concerned for them.
My parents are elderly and have existing health conditions that increase their potential of death.  I am not elderly but I do have an existing health condition that increases my potential for death.  This is a very selfish and shortsighted view and why this virus and the flu spread quickly here.  When YOU get sick YOU stay home.  Not for your benefit,  but for the benefit of others.
Well, what would you do different?
Well let us know when you figure out how to control human behavior. Lots of “shoulds” here and “if onlys.” As one poster stated, in a perfect world...  Feels like there’s some panic in your post. I’m not saying calm down, not at all, be concerned for sure. Also sounds like some blame going on and that just  is as unhelpful and counterproductive as panic.  And to anticipate a what would I do - well, first not panic or blame. Stay informed and apply some critical thinking to all i hear. Won’t stop going through the days or weeks as I usually do because that also is not helpful. And be concerned about my parents, family, and friends who are vulnerable and be prepared to deal with it if they do.   Oh - and hope that my seasonal allergies don’t have people jumping to conclusions. Or hope that I don’t catch a common cold or the flu because it seems fairly certain that someone is going to assume the worse.
He's an NC state senator and he is awesome.
One of the main symptoms is diarrhea.
Not everything is about you. That's kinda the point.
Idiot. Don’t worry, if you get sick mommy and daddy will pay your food and med bills right?..Unless you pass it on them
\^ This FTW.
Presumptive positive means that they tested positive, but they’re waiting for another lab to verify the results.  They do this to certify that a lab is getting the results that they should.  But meanwhile, those people definitely have COVID-19.
but they've only tested 44 people and only have 300 tests left.  https://twitter.com/ncdhhs/status/1237420824665169921
Well, China told people to stay inside and self quarantine. That worked there because if you don’t do what the government says, you get shot. Good luck making people in the United States self quarantine. Too many people will say, “I’ll do what I want to do. I do t need the government telling me my business.”
The fucking ironic part is, I’m one of those fucks at risk with a heart condition and pectus excavatum that effects my lungs.
For one thing, I would've been testing long before now.  I would've encouraged companies to reduce air travel, long before now.
Another thing. We as world need to decide that we don’t want this to happen again. When a virus with this potential is identified, quarantine the area. Give them all of the support they need to survive and to avoid a recession. The quarantine should not be a punishment. Deal with the virus in a localized area and prevent exposing the entire world to it.
Not really panic.  Irritation would be a better word.  I have to continue travel during this time and potentially exposing my family to this virus.  Since my post yesterday, I am now up to two trips next week.  One is unnecessary, and the other is not time critical, so it could be postponed.  And yes, I AM blaming others for that.  As I wouldn’t make the decision to travel during a worldwide pandemic, especially when the travel is unnecessary.  However, I really don’t have the luxury of telling my company to pound sand, but I can bitch about it on here. Thanks for listening, I do appreciate your feedback.  Edit: I hope you don’t mind if I inadvertently bring this virus back home to Wilmington with me.  I’ll do what I can to avoid it but I will be passing through airports eight times next week.
This is incorrect.    https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses#:~:text=symptoms  I think panic is the reason.
I know but it’s practically the flu for most who get it so it doesn’t worry me.
Yeah I’m gonna be in the under 1% that has it and the under 1% chance to get it and then after that 3% chance to die. Very unlikely, people should not be panicking this much
A fellow mtb’er from Wilmington! Cool
Fair point, although I'm sure even China wouldn't stoop to that low of a control mechanism...haha.  Either way, IMO it still doesn't justify a hyper-inflated prediction for us.
I reckon Azalea Festival PTSD can really shatter a person.
FWIW, the CDC was testing as early as January 20th (more than 1.5 months ago) when it confirmed the first case here in the states.  What stunted things was a bunch of faulty test kits and/or issues with those kits as they began to be distributed and used by the various state labs.  We are catching back up quickly with an estimated 5 million test kits to be distributed in the next week, if I'm not mistaken.  That should make a major impact on the future spread of the virus.
Alright. What next. When are you gonna DO something about it?
In a perfect world. Only problem is, all it takes is one person making a harmless mistake to potentially risk the rest of the world. And that's what happened. We as a race don't ever want this to happen, but it does and we learn from it. Can't just fault the government for everything, yes this sucks but they're people just like you and me, with families they don't want getting sick. They make mistakes just like us, and since we aren't perfect, this disease spread. This Jeff dude has a family, but one man nor one city can flip a switch and decide to fix problems like its nothing.
You’re good, no worries. What’s a few airports between fellow Wilmingtonians? ha ha!  Don’t wish it on anyone for any reason no matter. I know it sucks for sure and don’t envy you your work situation. If it helps, and this is not a comparison, I happen to work in a public school and I can promise you that following ALL of the CDC’s recommended precautions for schools gives my colleagues and I good material for making jokes. I get the frustration and anger for sure.  Oh - and bitch on for sure! Just saw your reply to the just wash your hands comment. By all means bitch on and I am definitely being serious.
Apologies, not a main symptom, but it is listed as a symptom in the link you provided.  Panic is the reason for over-buying of TP though.
What I'm saying is that you could get it and be fine, but in not caring you can spread it to old people. young children, or people with compromised immune systems.
It's been a long time since I've been out.  Maybe I'll dust off the Kona this weekend!
You don’t? You need to see video out of China then.
Yeah, I work at a little place at the heart of it, only 2 people work at a time, one BoH one FoH due to size. We get raped during shit like this and people are always shitty when it’s busy
Was there only one source of test kits?
What next? You fine Biogen for holding a conference and spreading the virus at their conference.  Hold them liable for the deaths caused by their negligence.  Make an example of them so other companies take this seriously.
BTW, my company is requiring that I travel Next week. They are sending me to a two hr meeting so that I can see a device in action. Apparently, video equipment isn’t an option?  This is a risk that my company shouldn’t be forcing me to take.
I’m doing everything that our government recommends. If you have further suggestions I’m all ears.
I don't see this as a harmless mistake.  This spread out of China due to fear.  Primarily fear of their economy collapsing if they were shut off from the rest of the world.  It doesn't take a "perfect" world for us to provide support in a situation like this.  They shouldn't fear for their well-being, they should know that we will support them.  I'm not blaming Jeff directly.  The nation's security from this virus can't possibly lie on his back.  He's just a small piece of the puzzle.  But he IS a part of the puzzle, where you and I (well I don't know you so I'm assuming) are not really players in the puzzle.  I have no control over national level decisions other than expressing my view point to people such as Jeff.  Which is what I'm doing, and something that you seem to be offended by?  As far as I know, Jeff did everything that he could reasonably do.
One trip converted to online training instead of in person training. Not the one that I was worried about the most,  but that’s one less concern.   Spending my day trying to get the other switched over to a teleconference. Like it should’ve been to begin with. Stupid startup companies wrecklessly blow through money.  Hopefully, I wont be THAT GUY that brings back to Wilmington.
Just strange thing to grab in a “crisis “.
And the same can be said about the flu and many other viruses that kill every year. The coronavirus is more aggressive/deadly, so precautions are necessary and it makes sense that businesses/conferences are taking measures to avoid large contamination areas. People need to take this seriously and take steps to not infect others. We should be doing this every year during flu season and especially so this year.  However, a healthy individual should not fear going about their daily lives. Yes, they need to be considerate to others, wash every chance they get, and stay in when sick but there is no reason why a healthy individual can't go about their lives as usual. And if you do happen to get sick, get tested quickly and avoid potential infection to others.  We need to be concerned about this from a large scale, but at the same time individuals that are not at risk do not need to live in fear.
Well, if he gets it but is fine then he most likely wouldn't know he had it in the first place and would operate business as usual, same as you or I would.  If he gets it and feels sickly, I'm sure he would care enough to get tested and then follow the required self-quarantine, etc.  You are associating his lack of concern for his own current health with an assumed lack of concern for others' health should he contract the virus.  I think that is unfair of you to accuse him as such.
I care about it but not so much that I’m going to panic And act like this is the end of the world like some people are
Nowhere near a chance in dying
Heading to Brunswick right now to ride, as we speak. Have fun if you do go out!
Fake news my man.  Check out snopes.
WHO had their own test kits that they were using but the CDC made their own test kits to distribute throughout US but those were the faulty ones. Labs were getting inconclusive results. Then the CDC was like “well it worked fine in our lab. Just send you samples here” but then that takes even more time. So the moral of the story is we should’ve just used the test kits everyone else is using and that work instead of trying to rush and make our own which ended up being faulty.
On this point, I agree with you 100%.  Forcing people to do something against their judgement (whether founded on misleading info or not) shouldn't happen.
I agree, they shouldn't make you do that. But children still go to elementary schools, pass on sickness to each other, pass it to their parents and regardless of how much hand sanitizer they use the parents pass it on to coworkers, yadda yadda. My point is, nothing can get done until after its too late. Unfortunately we don't have time travel and we can't go back and stop this or warn more people. What's done is done. There isn't much the Wilmington government can DO at this point except recommend helpful stuff to us. That's just how it is. There's nothing to do except wait and hope you're not one of the unlucky ones that comes across a sick person.
Nope, not offended. Merely discussing with you. But I don't think this was done on purpose, the citizens of Wuhan evacuated as soon as they heard it was a disease, unknowingly carrying it. They didn't mean to spread it, they were afraid they would die. So yeah, it was fear, but there's no need to be angry about it. If it happened here we'd do the same. We'd try to escape before we know who's infected.
I really wish you jackasses would just say what you disagree with instead of mass downvoting people.  I don't care about the points, but I want to hear from you passive aggressive ninjas.  Come on, join the fun.
It’s probably the same people that go crazy over milk and bread at the mention of a light snow.
What you seem to be saying is that we should be reactive rather than proactive. What I'm saying is that we should be proactive instead of reactive. I don't think that's unfair of me.
LOL. Fake news. Damn. Trump made that stupid saying popular.
This guy is a senator. I would t expect the local government to take action that is beyond their means.  We didn’t need time travel. We knew this was coming. We botched the preparations for it.
A lot of schools are closing though, extending spring break, and moving to an online-only format..
Never gonna happen....you know that.  People hide behind their computers.  And most of your points about a "world response" are valid although somewhat unfeasible given how many countries hate each other for no other reason than wanting to hate each other.  Now on to Senator Jackson, who is (again, IMO) just fanning flames and fear with his prognostications of how bad this will get for us over here.  If his intent was to provide people access to accurate and usable info, he could have just made a post with the link to DHHS and told people to go there without adding in several paragraphs of opinion and conjecture, albeit with some fact sprinkled in.  That was what I initially had a problem with.  Also, I try not to downvote anyone who actually converses unless they are just being belligerent or an ass.  You have been neither.
So what you're saying is that people who feel perfectly fine should stop living normally on a day to day basis (i.e. self quarantine, etc) and proactively worry about about a virus they might never contract.  The guy's original statement basically said that he wasn't worried about his own health, given the virus demographics, and said nothing about doing the right/wrong thing should he start to feel ill.  I think being reactive/proactive is irrelevant with what he said.  Your comment earlier accused him of being selfish, correct?  I think that's an assumption that is unfair to make just because he isn't freaking out like some people insist on doing.  You don't have to reply as it's obvious that we aren't gonna agree but thanks for taking the time to actually converse.
I hate that saying as well when it's overplayed, but in this case it is warranted.
He’s a state senator and this response was botched on a federal level. The feds are just now sending out testing kits.
Good, that's something I'm glad to be wrong on 👍
That’s just universities, right?  I don’t think I’ve heard anything like that about K-12.
Well, he did ask me what "I" would do differently.  I assumed he meant if I were in control of things.  I still think that the world's major players could limit and control this issue.  Including antagonists such as Russia.  They know that their own economy is at stake here.  The other misfits are mostly irrelevant, they just don't know it.
I think you're on the either/or fallacy a little bit. It's not 'do nothing' or 'panic mode.' His comments were pretty flippant about the whole thing. With the coronavirus, the incubation period is over 5 days. That means you could have it and be spreading it 5 days before you even even feel off. You can't be reactive and just lock yourself away once symptoms show because it's already too late, you have to be proactive. Our boy could catch the virus and unknowingly spread it before he was mildly affected by it.   Italy was reactive and look at where they are now. That's why I don't the reactive/proactive thing is irrelevant.
That's true and it was asked like that, so yeah I'll concede that I'd want the same thing if the power rested with me.  I think it'd have to get a whole lot worse than 125k cases (with 65% in one country) before people really started joining up.  Most global economies will bounce back once this is under control anyways.
Flippant maybe, but didn't say that he didn't care about others and even said that he was social-distancing.  He more or less said he wasn't worried about himself and his own health.  I agree that you can be proactive and should be while at the same time not letting fear/panic run your daily life.  Maybe we just analyzed his comments differently.  I took it to mean that he wasn't taking the whole "media freak-out fest" seriously and you understood it as otherwise.  Either way and again, thanks for conversing.  And like the other dude said previously, all you downvoters are seriously passive aggressive twats if you won't jump in and have an honest conversation.  You just downvote away when you see anyone with a conservative viewpoint because "everyone is entitled to their opinion, unless you disagree with it" right?

Individuals at 2 New Hanover schools self-quarantine over coronavirus concerns. (rumors of district announcing closure at 4pm press conference)

Tip: if your coronavirus  post has the word "rumor" in it, please don't post it.  You're not helping anyone by posting rumors and speculation.
One of the school board members is saying it’s a “fluid situation.” Not sure why they wouldn’t close at this point
Idk, why ALL schools including #pendercounty Aren't shutdown.  Preventative care,  best to be safe,  then sorry.
Fluid situation?
I get that concern but I don’t think people are thinking about how many people live pay check to pay check and can’t afford to stay home to watch their kids. Yes we need to keep an eye one this but if every school and work place closes we could be looking at a bigger financial crisis then when the mortgage industry collapsed.
hashtags don’t work like that on Reddit
Something that is unstable or subject to change.
Basically not shutting down and trying to justify it
I do get that it's not to be taken lightly.  Parents of young kids have to find childcare or miss work, school is where many kids get reliable meals, & some students are about to graduate and who can say what a closing is going to do to their transcripts.  But because testing is so far behind in the US there is no reason to expect it isn't already in the community.  Kids without impaired immune systems don't appear to get more than mild symptoms but they can and do pass it others.  [Studies](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/06/opinion/coronavirus-schools-closed.html) of the 1918 flu show school closings were one of the best ways of slowing the spread of the pandemic.  It would be best to close the schools sooner rather than later so we can address the challenges that come that before we also have to deal with overcrowded hospitals too.  edit fix one of many typos  If we start actually having tests available and can say there isn't community transmission going on here then start school back up.  But this plan of go business-as-usual until we get a positive case is nuts and will kill people.

Camp Lejeune reports first coronavirus case; state total now at 17

Are these ACTUAL confirmations or presumed?
Presumptive. One confirmed by cdc but 9 presumed and quarantined in wake county alone.  Google it, updated several times per day
I did, on the cdc website roughly 3 hours ago. Hence the reason for my question.
Alright
Fine then.

"Where are the tests?" - Coronavirus update from Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/e2g8nv4vtmm41.png?width=1200&format=png&auto=webp&s=d8f9b2c87ae09dab7112cd3e814b25e8f4b38d85As of March 14 at 8:00 a.m., the state of North Carolina has a total of 680 public (i.e., non-commercial) coronavirus test kits.So the big question is, “Why don’t we have more tests?”Here’s the situation:First, there’s a difference between “test kits” and “extraction kits.”Extraction kits = extract RNA (genetic material) from nasal swabs.Test kits = test RNA to see if it’s coronavirus.We started with a national shortage of test kits. That happened because the CDC - after rejecting the WHO kits and deciding to make their own - had a manufacturing error that allowed their test kit to produce false positives. So they had to start over several weeks in.To make matters worse, while the CDC was fixing their manufacturing error there were many other labs across the country (academic and commercial labs) that wanted to produce their own test kits. But they needed federal approval to move forward, and getting that approval took a couple weeks - a serious amount of time, given the prospect of exponential viral spread.It appears we are now seeing the production of test kits ramp up from both the CDC and commercial labs like LabCorp (which happens to be headquartered here in North Carolina).BUT that leads us to our second problem, and the current major bottleneck: extraction kits.Before you can test the RNA sample from the nasal swab, you have to extract it. Doing so requires a specific chemical. The majority of this specific chemical (called a reagent) is produced by one company with production facilities in Germany and Spain.And now that specific chemical is in very high demand. The whole world wants it.A few weeks ago, the FDA started allowing independent labs to develop alternate chemical processes for RNA extraction. It’s unclear how much progress has been made.So, looking now at the big picture, we basically have a two-track testing system: public testing, which involves our main state lab in NC using the re-manufactured CDC test kits (and in NC, we currently have 680 test kits) and then there’s commercial testing.Regarding commercial testing, we really don’t know how much is happening. The commercial labs aren’t required to disclose test results unless they’re positive. In North Carolina, we have LabCorp conducting commercial tests. In Charlotte, we also have our two major hospital systems - Atrium and Novant - now saying that they are going to provide “screening.” It’s unclear whether they are simply collecting swabs and sending them to LabCorp (where they may face the same extraction kit bottleneck) or whether they’ve developed in-house capacity to actually produce their own test results.But it’s important to note that BOTH public and commercial testing appear to be hitting a bottleneck when it comes to extraction.As a result, we are not screening nearly enough people.Ideally, anyone who displays flu-like symptoms would be eligible for a public test, free of charge. That’s how we would address this like South Korea and provide for wide-scale testing on the order of tens of thousands per day.But - due to the shortage - that’s not the case. Instead, the CDC guidelines (which NC is currently following) currently state that you have to 1) display flu-like symptoms AND have had direct contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case OR, 2) you have to display flu-like symptoms AND lower respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath) AND a negative rapid flu test.A simpler way to say that is we are currently rationing public tests because we don’t have enough capacity.Congress is now providing more funding specifically for these issues and commercial labs are reportedly innovating rapidly, but this is essentially a race against time and increasing our testing capacity within the next ten days is absolutely critical. It’s also possible that the window of opportunity for containment - at least in some regions - is now closed and we’re going to have to rely heavily on social distancing to slow the rate of infection.You should also know that in the process of piecing this together I had many, many conversations with state and local health officials and every single one of them was on the same page, knew exactly what the bottlenecks were, and were working the problem. These folks get it, and they’re working around the clock for us.More updates soon.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thanks Senator. One question,  are the re agent chemicals used in anything else that may already be produced.? Forgive my ignorance but it seems that pool testing kits have a re agent to test for chlorine and ph levels.  Probably not the same thing, but I wanted to ask.
Thank you for keeping us in the loop u/JeffJacksonNC. Accurate information is one of the best weapons against this virus.  It's obvious that Trump is purposefully hampering the federal response in an effort to downplay the effect of this disease. I really hope that North Carolina follows New York's lead by taking matters into our own hands. If we want this done right, we're going to have to do it ourselves.
What I don't understand is why not accept the tests from WHO and then the CDC can start make their own. Did they not realize that something may go wrong in the initial process of creating their own tests? Such an idiotic decision.
I know of a company that had potlucks this week. The idea that people are going to take this seriously, stay home when they’re sick, or actually give this a shot of getting under control is laughable!
So with that severe of a condition list to qualify for testing, C19 cases could easily daisy-chain fast enough that someone shows symptoms before the people further up the line of contamination get tested and confirmed? That’s... worrying, to say the least.  Thanks for the update though, especially the bit about everyone being on the same page. That’s some much needed reassurance.
How could the CDC make that decision independently? And if they could, then why was approval needed from Congress? Where was the response plan to address a pandemic?  Many governments had protocols ready to be implemented that already had approval, which is why there were able to react immediately. One example, https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-action-plan/coronavirus-action-plan-a-guide-to-what-you-can-expect-across-the-uk
IMO, and take it for what’s its worth, but everyone will be getting COVID19, so prepare for that first and foremost and get your house in order accordingly.  It will be devastating to all of us either directly or indirectly.  Forgive the defeatist sentiment.  What this means, is we can now plan for the outbreak accordingly and we don’t need tests.  What we need is to watch hospital capacity and local govt to know when to ask the community to isolate to reduce infection rates for a period of time so the hospitals can manage.  It’s called managing to the curve and we can reduce the spike of infections. We know infection rates, incubation periods and hospital capacity.  The rest is simply mathematics and attempting to delay infections enough to ensure hospitals do not get overwhelmed like they did in Italy and Korea and Wuhan.  This also means we all have to be good citizens for our community.  Isolate when asked to do so.  This is the magic that will make it work, but we all have to sacrifice when asked to do so.  As always, stay home when sick.  Wash your hands well. We may just be able to control this enough to reduce people dying because hospitals were forced to pick and choose those who they treated because of a lack of resources to do so.
Who decided to reject the test kits from WHO?  Can that policy be changed?  I’m all for making our own, but we either need to be in front of WHO, or we need to use our own supplies as a backup.  If we don’t have supplies rejecting them is a stupid decision.   This virus has shown that we aren’t prepared to deal with a deadly virus. Our response to this is laughable at best.  We are really lucky that this virus is relatively safe.   How will this be resolved in the future?
TL;DR
Yo, you should get a new social media person
Biologist here, I’m assuming he’s talking about TRIzol, an essential reagent used in most RNA extraction procedures. It’s a pretty specialized chemical and is only really used for molecular biology purposes (to my knowledge) so sadly, the company he’s referring to is likely the only one to make it unless they decide to let others make it during this time.
Apparently this is a very specific kind of reagent.
Reagent is just a term for any molecule/compound/liquid that reacts with something else to make something happen.
Apparently that's what we've done in that past, with SARS and other outbreaks. The WHO comes out with a test and we say, "Nah, we'll do our own thing." It's worked fine in the past. This time, the CDC allowed a critical reagent chemical to become contaminated.
Potlucks are probably not advisable at this point.
Hannity factor is real.
FWIW....  Yeah, that's pretty dumb.  But, it's all about getting as many people to behave as possible.  There is no way that everyone will quarantine themselves and do everything to reduce risk and eliminate the virus.  The whole idea of "flatten the curve" is to keep the number of cases manageable.  Despite some people behaving badly, we can still get this under control.  Just do your part and realize that there will be idiots out there.
Apparently that's what we've done in that past, with SARS and other outbreaks. The WHO comes out with a test and we say, "Nah, we'll do our own thing." It's worked fine in the past. This time, the CDC allowed a critical reagent chemical to become contaminated.
Tl;Dr: read it.
So is the required reagent in anything else already?
We've gotten lucky in the past or our competence was much higher in the past. I question all of our administrations' decision in the past that said no to the WHO tests initially. Voted officials, also known as Public Servants, have a duty to serve the public. It would not have hurt anyone to accept the initial tests.
Pot(out of)luck
Yes, you’ve stated that before and I understood it the first time.  It’s a short sighted policy that stands to only serve pharmaceutical companies, and doesn’t take the best interests of the public into account.   It needs to change.  This is a perfect case study of why it’s a bad policy.   I am all for producing our own tests, but we should also take the test kits from WHO if they are available.  I am asking you How do we make this change in the policy?  Who needs to be fired or voted out of office, if they can’t understand the danger they are placing us in?
Not in anything common like pool testing kits, given that it's only used for molecular biology purposes. I'm sure it would have already been diverted to extraction kits if so.
Gotcha, I was hoping to think outside the box.

Brunswick County resident tests positive for coronavirus

And heeere we go. Probably in St. James.
Good thing I have 257 rolls of toilet paper
Your gratitude isn't wrong, but this behavior should be expected of each of us. Its not a heroic act to avoid spreading this virus, it is basic human duty.
low hanging fruit

3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/u58vev42bvm41.jpg?width=820&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=75495505a01bcd248f5b4cbf35c1aecd5ceb2d4cAs of March 15 at 11:00 a.m., North Carolina has 32 \*known\* cases of coronavirus.14 in Wake, four in Mecklenburg, two in Forsyth, two in Harnett, two in Johnston, one everywhere else.We went from seven known cases to 32 in five days.Safe to say we have more than 32 \*actual\* cases AND that no one has any idea how many we really have.BUT I've seen some moderate estimates that nationally we may have (very) roughly 15,000 cases - the bulk of which are in WA, CA, and NY.So perhaps NC is... in the hundreds?There are two issues with that prediction:\- The level of confidence in the underlying national prediction is low. Who knows if it's close to 15,000.\- The current level of cases isn't nearly as important as the rate of growth.We could have 50 cases or 200 cases in NC right now and if we see the growth rate of 6 days/double (the emerging national trend), then the starting point doesn't matter much.At that rate, it could still fill all our state's hospital beds within a matter of 8-10 weeks (depending on how long recovery takes).And that's assuming NC hospital beds don't have any other patients. Right now they're approximately 80% full. They're trying to reduce that number but it certainly won't get to 0%.**So the challenge is this:**Lower the rate of infection (through wider testing and social distancing) to lower the double rate to make sure we have beds for everyone who needs serious treatment.That's how we save the most lives.**UPDATE ON TESTING:**The state lab has tested 259 people.The main private lab, LabCorp, reportedly has capacity for 3,000 tests per day but we have no idea how many they've actually done.But don't get lost in the numbers. **Here's what really matters:**To qualify for a test you still need to meet criteria beyond simply displaying flu-like symptoms AND you still need a doctor's note. That limitation is what test rationing actually looks like in practice, and it's not good.Widespread, effective testing would look like this:Anyone with flu-like symptoms can drive up to a screening center (maybe a tent in the parking lot of a hospital or a Wal-Mart), getting a rapid flu test, and then if it comes back negative, getting a coronavirus test. That's what we need, A.S.A.P.BUT there has been significant progress in the last two days. Full update on testing progress coming tomorrow.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
A basketball ref at UNCW was tested positive a couple of days ago I believe, in new hanover
Question, if anyone knows... We're worried about hospitals filling up. But won't most people not have to go to the hospital? You don't go to the hospital for regular flu, and only some people get *seriously* sick from C19, right?
Please shut down businesses open to the public that are non-essential. We don’t need restaurants. We don’t need bars.   People are still going out like nothings wrong and the workers are stuck having to show up and potentially get sick just because their customers don’t care. And they come into contact with hundreds of people every week
The rumor mill says someone at PPD tested positive and that PPD is shutdown.  I have no idea how true that is though.
Thank you for the consistent updates, Senator!
He reffed the uncw game in Elon. They lost and went home. The ref went to DC and showed symptoms 3 days later I think so supposedly the risk that any of the players were infected is low. I believe the players are self quarentined
I believe you, but I wonder why New Hanover county has not reported any confirmed cases yet? Makes you wonder if our city is suppressing information to shield the tourist/real estate industry.
This was during the men's basketball tournament in Washington DC.  [https://caasports.com/news/2020/3/12/official-at-caa-mens-basketball-championship-tests-positive-for-coronavirus.aspx](https://caasports.com/news/2020/3/12/official-at-caa-mens-basketball-championship-tests-positive-for-coronavirus.aspx)  &#x200B;  The UNCW men's basketball team has taken precautions.  &#x200B;  [https://www.wralsportsfan.com/unc-wilmington-players-staff-in-quarantine-after-caa-official-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/19010356/](https://www.wralsportsfan.com/unc-wilmington-players-staff-in-quarantine-after-caa-official-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/19010356/)  &#x200B;  Edit: wrong location.
Two things. Some people do need to go to the hospital for regular flu. The [CDC estimates](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/preliminary-in-season-estimates.htm) in this flu season 370,000 – 670,000 hospitalizations in the US.      But you're right, most people that get the flu, and most people that get covid19 will not need to go to the hospital. However, there is a serious possibility that so many people get this illness at once that hospitals get filled up from just the sickest people.
Don't forget that our hospitals are normally near or at capacity, even just a bad flu season can cause a backlog.
I need to work, as does a large percentage of the population.  Not everyone can work from home.  Service industry people are some the most affected financially.  There has to be a balance between caution and panic.
People in Raleigh are coming here on vacation since everything there is closed down like nothing is wrong
Hey there, I work at PPD. We're definitely not shut down, but all US employees have been told to work from home until April and all business-related travel has stopped.   I haven't heard anything about anyone from PPD getting it, but I haven't checked my emails since Friday. But if that is the case, it wouldn't surprise me if it was someone at the Raleigh office.
Then why the fuck would you even repeat it?   Rumor mill says gummy bears are the cure and you have to eat 2lbs within 3 minutes. i have no idea how true it is though.
According to the school there was a referee at the UNCW/Drexel game in DC who later tested positive. It was determined that they could not have been contagious and the basketball team was told they could end their self quarantine (again this is what the school sent through official email channels)
Probably because this ref doesn't live in New Hanover
I think 1) people are self quarantining and not going to the hospital/not getting tested 2) people aren’t being tested because they don’t qualify.
Then you will get the virus. Balance all you want. If you’re in the service industry you know you can work for another company at similar pay as soon as this blows over.   Some companies are offering to pay their customer service teams to be out of work, some arent. This is why we need rent/mortgage forgiveness until everyone can return to work.  But staying open so you can get sick and have to miss work anyways and not get paid is short sighted.   It’s a lose-lose situation no matter how you balance it  Edit: downvoting me doesn’t change fact. I don’t know why anyone thinks not going into lockdown is a good idea. Everyone spreading it around is going to make things worse for a longer period of time. Either we suffer some short term or suffer worse for much much longer. Short-sightedness isn’t going to make things better.
Just stupid  Edit: downvoted for agreeing the ignorant spread of this virus is stupid, a lot of anti-intellectuals here, in Wilmington no less. Some countries are arresting people for negligently spreading the virus that is killing people. Americans are trying to go on holiday, and North Carolinians are more concerned about paying rent then they are about getting their own family members killed. Nice.
Yeah, those filthy ass Raleigh swine!
Because I can, duh.  And, it spurred some truth from a fellow redditor.
Wait, really? Gummy bears?
Username checks out.
Ah, post above made it sound like it was a local case, my mistake.
Yep
Consider that the cape fear river is the divider between Brunswick and new hanover counties, then consider how many people commute from The Leland Area to Wilmington daily. It might shake out differently on paper than the reality of the situation.
Yeah I already covered this. Re-read my comment. We either lockdown and stop the virus from spreading or we stay open, more people get sick, and the same few people have to miss work anyways because now they’re sick.  Either we suffer some for a short while or suffer a lot over a period of time.   Way to re-word what I said. I also mention the need for debt forgiveness during this time as many other cities are experiencing. But you missed that point, jumped straight into saying people have bills like I didn’t already cover that too.   It’s cool. Reading hard. But next time read my comment in its entirety before responding. Your response is still short-sighted. You’d rather pay rent for one month and get several other people killed. It’ll be tragic when a friend or family member of yours dies because they’re unable to be seen by an overwhelmed hospital staff.   But you won’t give a shit as long as rent is paid. “Woooooo, that landlord needs that money!!!! Fuck my mother or grandma, I got bills!” That’s your argument, that’s why it’s short-sighted. But you can’t think that far ahead because your focus is too narrow.
Half the population is suddenly anti-science because it effects their life and their routine...:which has nothing to do with scientific fact but now that they’re effected by it they’re actively trying to get other people infected
You’re still arguing you would rather people die than your landlord or lender not be able to receive rent/mortgage payments.  When it’s someone in your family that’s too old and dies from this, remember you were looking out for those poor landlords  I think it’s short sighted because it is. You’re very worried about yourself and your money, and you’re perfectly fine if people have to die and you get sick for a week or two so that your paychecks aren’t interrupted.   The fact that you don’t see that as a problem is a sign of the times. Gimme gimme works great until a pandemic hits. Then we need controls, rations, and the mitigation of loans and debts. Not forced labor and willful contamination
you're just not getting it
And you’re underestimating a virus. Notice other states have already shut down restaurants and bars. You think it isn’t going to happen here? You think it’s a bad idea?   Why do you and the other person assume I don’t understand bills? Food? Obviously things cost money. I’m arguing there should be a different response and social programs to help support low or no income people during pandemics.   You both are arguing money first, then bills and food, then health and safety last. It’s the definition of a short-sightedness. You’re perfectly fine with other people getting sick as long as your spending habits aren’t interrupted.   Please elaborate on your “not getting it” position. Because neither of you have expanded beyond my statement that you’re more focused on money than the needs of people.
nope. it will happen here and it's not a bad idea. but that's not the point. there should be all these things to help people not need to go into work. but they don't exist. we aren't arguing money first. you are not understanding the counter perspective and are just dismissing it as shortsighted.  you are just talking in circles
Everyone understands your “counter perspective” of people having bills, everyone has bills. I will be the one effected by shutting down non essential businesses and I’m advocating for it still.   You’re arguing bills first, safety last. You’re still advocating for the involuntary manslaughter of innocent elderly people whether you admit it or not. It’s still morally wrong despite how you try to twist it.  I’d rather skip on rent and hustle for food then risk killing a bunch of people due to negligence. You would rather not miss anything for yourself and let others get sick and some of those will die, because of selfishness  And I’m glad you agree with me now that there should be a better plan in place and have elaborated somewhat. You still don’t seem to be getting it that your stance is the morally and scientifically wrong stance.   But people are selfish, I get it
> You’re arguing bills first, safety last.  no one is arguing this. the fact you believe this proves you are missing the point entirely  > You’re still advocating for the involuntary manslaughter of innocent elderly people whether you admit it or not. It’s still morally wrong despite how you try to twist it.  it is clear you are so dug into your way of thinking about this and the world in general. maybe start with understanding why you feel the need to insult random people on the internet. it is sad you resorted to that
Attack my viewpoint and don’t elaborate beyond people have bills and food. It took a while but you seem to be understanding you’re not thinking through this problem and now you’re just on the defensive.   You won’t go into any detail about how you think I’m wrong, just attack the fact that I have a different opinion and say My way of thinking is wrong.  You still won’t go into any more detail than saying I’m wrong. I’ll wait for you to have a genuine critique. But you’re just gonna day my viewpoint is narrow-minded again instead of saying why it is narrow minded. Maybe you forgot what you were arguing in the first place  You argue bills and food first over safety, if not then what are you arguing. Be specific, because talking in circles and trying to project what you’re doing onto me isn’t working
You keep saying I don’t get it but won’t elaborate further than people need food and have bills  I’m not saying I’m unique, I’m saying you’re wrong  You seem to think you and sea plus are the only ones who know what bills are and that food and housing costs money. Like I have no concept of currency.   AND THEN YOU DON’T ELABORATE AND JUST SAY IM WRONG. You don’t say why I’m wrong, just that I’m wrong. You have nothing to stand on and you know it.   “You're being shortsighted and biased.” Ok, go on...  “Most people live paycheck to paycheck.” Yup, everyone knows this...   “Not working for a month or so means not being able to pay rent/mortgage, electric bill, water bill, internet bill, phone bill, student loan, groceries, health insurance, etc.” Obviously things cost money, this isn’t new to anyone and doesn’t support any viewpoint, it’s just a fact in our society....   “Now imagine things get worse than they are, which they will. Could be two or three months before things get back to normal.” Yup....  “I get it. People shouldn't go to work and risk their health and others' around them. But people stand to risk the roof over their heads, the food on their tables, and so much more if they don't work.” SO HERE YOU START TO ACTUALLY MAKE YOUR POINT, you would rather people work and get everyone sick, you argue this right here and. Can’t deny it.   “So the choice isn't easy for many folks. That's why you are getting downvoted. Your perspective is too narrow here.” Because I said we should be quarantined and there should be programs in place to assist those without bills.....? That doesn’t make any sense, but here’s where you start attacking after your only point was that people have bills and you’d rather bills get paid than protect those susceptible to this virus...that’s your argument.    “Are you willing to take in families when they can't pay rent?”  Are you willing to allow several people to die from the spread of this virus? Yes you are arguing that very point.  “Will you feed any strangers that show up to your door?” Will you pay for the funerals of those who will die due to your carelessness?  “Will you share the password to your WiFi so people can stay informed?” You can get WiFi in more places than my home, idk what you’re trying to argue here.  “Because myopic lectures won't help those people.” Oh, and I’m the one attacking people  “After obtaining relevant information and considering their options, they should do what they believe is best for themselves.” HERE YOU ADVOCATE SELFISHNESS OVER SAFETY, again.....  “You don't know them. You don't know their situations or struggles.” Neither do you. But anonymity makes you feel like you’re right for some reason
no ones understanding has changed here. you can believe bars and restaurants should be closed and be empathetic towards those feeling they need to work as much as possible until things close. the two are not at odds. you disagree with that and most people seem to disagree with you.  thats it. the end
I didn’t disagree with that. Now your viewpoint has changed. Now you’re saying we should lockdown, but people need to make as much money as possible until then.   You’re slowly changing your argument. Nice  Before you were all for staying open and threatening others safety, now you’ve moved my direction and are for the lockdown but want people to make money too. Congrats. Now you’re making some sense, glad I could change your view
See, you won’t explain anything. It’s ridiculous when you know you’re wrong  Took as much time to type that you don’t know how to argue as it would have to try and make a point  You didn’t realize you were advocated money over safety until I pointed it out, then you were at a loss for words because you can’t admit I’m right, not that my viewpoint is superior but that you did argue for money over safety

COVID19 coronavirus local important info for week of 3/15/20
We're starting an information thread for the coronavirus and its impact on the region. Let us know if you have anything you'd like us to add.**NC Virus Case Count**    [COVID-19 Case Count in North Carolina - Updated daily with a county map](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc)    **NC Virus Updates**    [3/21 - Testing numbers, shelter in place, hospital capacity, unemployment numbers, protective equipment - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fml2ge/update_testing_numbers_shelter_in_place_hospital/)    [3/19 - Charlotte cases double overnight, NC cases nearly double, community spread is here - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fldy04/charlotte_cases_double_overnight_nc_cases_nearly/)    [3/18 - First Case of COVID-19 in New Hanover County](https://news.nhcgov.com/news-releases/2020/03/first-presumptive-positive-covid-19-case-identified-in-new-hanover-county/) || [Discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fkwt0a/first_case_of_covid19_in_new_hanover_county/)    [3/18 - NC COVID Update: New testing issues, possible announcements, latest COVID numbers - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fksid7/nc_covid_update_new_testing_issues_possible/)    [3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fjthcf/316_latest_on_the_expansion_of_testing_for/)    [3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fj4h7q/315_update_on_coronavirus_cases_and_testing_in_nc/)    [3/15 - Brunswick County Board of Commissioners Emergency Meeting Recap](https://www.brunswickcountync.gov/coronavirusupdate3-15-20/)**Schools**    [New Hanover County Schools COVID-19 Update for Sunday, March 15, 2020 (School closures, student nutrition)](https://www.nhcs.net/~board/district-news/post/new-hanover-county-schools-covid-19-update-for-sunday-march-15-2020)**General COVID19 info**    [NHC Gov: Coronavirus info](https://health.nhcgov.com/your-environment/public-health/coronavirus/)    [CDC info: How to protect yourself, What to do if you're sick, etc.](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html)
Thanks

Think you have coronavirus? Here’s my experience in “trying” to get tested today!

As frustrating as am I sure it is, we are dealing with a limited capacity to test.  Even if we had infinite test kits, the ability process them would be the next bottleneck, although I honestly do not know what that capacity is.  So I kinda get it when access to tests is restricted a bit.   From a practical standpoint, what would you do with a positive diagnosis?  You seem well enough to drive a car, so you probably are not seeking hospital treatment.  So just act like you did test positive.  Stay home, isolated as needed.    Whatever you have is not worth spreading.
How are they gonna know if there's confirmed cases if they won't test?? Plus, there was someone who landed at the ILM airport that ended up being a confirmed case. It's ridiculous that they wouldn't test you.
I really don't see the situation getting much better until we can test anyone that could possibly be infected.
Why delete lol
here was the original comment  >I went to the minute clinic on Saturday and tested negative for the flu but had all the symptoms of the flu. 102 fever, aches, chills, etc. I was at two huge events a few day’s prior—power of the purse and Marchtoberfest. I was told to call the health department on Monday to get tested for the Coronavirus. Called this morning at 7:30 and they refused to test me because no one from Wilmington has tested positive. They said my doctors office “may” test me but likely wouldn’t. I made an appointment at Wilmington health for later today. They called me back to cancel and had me call another “triage” number. They sent me to the same office I normally would go to but instead to go to the walk-in clinic. They’ve transitioned to car lines to treat people and aren’t letting sick ppl in the building. After waiting in line in my car, being tested for the flu again (still negative) I was told they only have 20 tests there and need to save them for people who have preexisting conditions. Which I totally get! But the fact that the health department will not test unless you have been exposed to anyone with it it’s beyond wild to me. Just an FYI in case anyone else in Wilmington feels like they have the flu but test negative. Hopefully more tests will come soon and they won’t have to continue to ration them.
Physician working in Wilmington at an Urgent Care.   We just got the ability to test in the last few days.   Currently only testing those with travel to high risk area, or contact with confirmed Covid patient in the last 14 days, or symptomatic, fever, cough shortness of breath with neg Influenza test.  NOT testing any one else who does not have symptoms.  If you suspect you were exposed, quarantine yourself for 14 days.  We have to concentrate on the high risk patients above for the time being.  Things may change as more testing is available. As of this moment NO confirmed positive tests in New Hanover County
NC Dept of health page for Corona virus cases. Current count and location... https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc
That’s not true because no one from Wilmington has been able to be tested or gotten their results yet. There are currently people in the hospital that are suspected cases of Covid-19.
It's always an overreaction until we realize we reacted inadequately. It's too late by that time and we pretend we'll do better next time. Shame folks aren't taking this serious yet. It is going to get a lot worse
Yeah and if the restaurant just fucking closed y’all would be eligible for unemployment. I work in a restaurant as well and I still said fuck it and self quarantined.
I mean, I would like to know if we have actual positive cases in town.
I have no idea... their whole account is gone.
Any idea when they can expect results? Right now CFCC is allowing students to go to their clinical sites. We’re told we can go until there’s a confirmed positive case at a site (including NHRMC).
You and me both.  But if we act like it’s already here, we can see to it that’s it’s gone that much sooner.
As of today no positives in NH county. But we just started testing a couple of days ago, and it takes 3-4 days for results.  You can check on NC cases and locations at https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc
Nope. None of our hospitals are in any way prepared for this.

3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/7k544kxty3n41.jpg?width=940&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c7ea60b26221150732c78b7e79bca13012ee9ca6**NC coronavirus numbers as of March 16*** 38 known cases (and 33 cases in SC)* No confirmed community spread (but nobody thinks it doesn’t exist)* One hospitalization* 369 people have been tested by the state (unknown number tested by non-state labs)* State currently has capacity for 1,300 more tests (unknown non-state capacity, but reportedly much higher)**Here’s the latest on the coronavirus testing situation in NC**There are two ways to get a test:1. A doctor decides you should have one and orders it from a commercial lab like LabCorp or from a hospital (UNC/Atrium/Novant) that has in-house testing capacity. These are "non-state" tests.2. Fever of at least 100.4 + negative flu result + *cough or shortness of breath* = you quality for a state lab test BUT a doctor still has to contact the county health department and get their permission AND we’re hearing about many cases where that permission is not being given due to scarce supply of state test kits.The immediate goal is expand testing capacity to the point where **EVERYONE who has fever + negative flu test + cough** can get tested.To see why that’s not currently happening, it helps to understand how the CDC supply chain works:* CDC sends test kits to the state* State distributes to counties* Counties release on a case-by-case basis as doctors call in**BUT*** CDC initially prioritized shipments to states that are getting slammed by coronavirus like WA and CA and NY, with states like NC only getting a small sliver.* Some counties are (reportedly) reluctant to release any test kits unless the patient has had direct contact with a COVID case - even if they meet the criteria of fever + negative flu test + cough. They are holding back for cases in which there has been direct contact with a COVID case out of a concern of lack of available tests and the need to prioritize. Some of this may have also been caused by confusion about the eligibility criteria, but fortunately the state COVID hotline - which had been overwhelmed - got extra capacity added today.But there's no question that some people who need to be tested have been turned away. Fixing that is the immediate priority.**To be clear: We need to very quickly get to a point where everyone with fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.**So what are we doing to expand capacity?* Getting more test kits from the CDC* Partnering with LabCorp and other private vendors (so we’re not as dependent on the CDC for test kits)* Partnering with UNC Health Care, which just got federal approval to start testing today and is already setting up its first drive-thru testing center in Henderson County* Several non-state health care providers are expanding their own testing abilities, like Novant, Atrium, Tryon Medical Partners (which just found one of our state's 38 cases), and a clinic in Asheville. (If you know of more, please let me know! Tomorrow I'll publish a comprehensive list.)**Bottom-line:**It's hard to get a state lab test because they are being strictly rationed but the immediate goal is to have enough testing capacity to make sure that everyone who has a fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.More soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for the updates, Senator!
I don't know which party you represent, but your continued outreach and updates on a modern platform, like reddit, speak volumes - - that you just care about helping all of NCs citizens. Thank you.
You are the hero we don't deserve.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you for your outreach - I am impressed by the transparency that you are showing - which is not only much needed by should be a requirement of your job.  The criteria for determining whether a cover-19 test are much too restrictive. Of course the first set of guidelines - contact with a confirmed case - is utterly ridiculous. The second set is also just nonsense since it is known that people, and its thought those under age 20 especially, carry the virus asymptomatically. There’s also no reason to suspect that someone can’t have both the flu and covid-19 simultaneously.  We need to be at a point where anyone can get a test at anytime *based on their own discretion*. We needed to be there not yesterday, but last month. People want to do the right thing and we are preventing them from doing so, which again is utterly ridiculous, and might I add shameful. We are the laughing stock of the world right now in more ways than one.  I came into the country two weeks ago from Europe. Customs has never been so lax for me, a frequent traveler. Also in Europe - in a country with no cases - all I had to do was call a hotline, and they’d send someone to me, a foreigner, to test me for free so I wouldn’t have to break self-quarantine. Symptoms had no bearing on their decision making. I could call, and a health worker would show up at my door
Can you please help mandate the closure of restaurants and bars? We are tired of being in the front lines and should be closed to protect our customers and ourselves. Also that’s the only way we can collect unemployment for time lost! This is crazy!
Y’all are downvoting my post because why? I want to curb the spread of a deadly virus??? Okayyyyyy.
Sen Jackson, what do you say to companies that are refusing to shutdown and continue business as usual? Why is the "limit to 10" for social distancing not being applied to work spaces/offices?
I’d just like to personally thank you for this. This is a great service you’re doing for us. I feel my thank you falls woefully short but it’s heartfelt.
Thank you for the updates. In the interest of public safety why are negative and positive results not mandated from private labs?  They can leave off the names if needed.  Are the number of negative results not considered useful?
Wish I could hear some info from my own State Senator or NC House Representative...
Now is not the ideal time for this discussion, but please run for governor
Democrat. He's a good one.
If we get a confirmed case of community spread I think this becomes much more likely.
Senator, I appreciate your responses and keeping everyone up to date with these posts. However, there was recently (as of today I believe) a case of someone visiting NC from Virginia and catching COVID-19 in the state. Does this not count as community spread? This seems to indicate that it is much more widespread than the numbers currently indicate (as you are also aware). Bars being open on Saint Patrick's Day today could lead to hundreds if not thousands of new cases cropping up in two weeks time. Should the state not try to get ahead of those infections?
Well I appreciate you/ a member of your team getting back to me so promptly but I don’t see the point in waiting since there are people in our local hospital, NHRMC in Wilmington, that have presumed cases but are waiting on test results. What wait till someone gets this and maybe dies when we can lockdown for at least a week and prevent ANY SPREAD! You are putting people at risk and putting profit before our lives. This kind of thing is what we pay taxes for, not the bailing out of Wall Street. It’s absurd to wait and completely irresponsible.
I just don’t get it. I know Brunswick county isn’t new Hanover, but we all know how often people from Brunswick come into wilmington. It’s not like it’s across the state, it’s literally next door.

5 Home Workouts to Do During the Coronavirus Outbreak


COVID19 coronavirus local important info for week of 3/22/20
Week 2 thread for the coronavirus and its impact on the region. Let us know if you have anything you'd like us to add.**NC Virus Case Count**    [COVID-19 Case Count in North Carolina - Updated daily with a county map](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc)    **NC Virus Updates**    [3/27 - Stay-at-home order issued for North Carolina](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241469211.html)    [3/26 - New testing rules, mitigation phase, hospitals gearing up, National Guard - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fpg3oo/update_new_testing_rules_mitigation_phase/)    [3/25 - North Carolina reports first COVID-19 deaths as cases pass 500](https://www.starnewsonline.com/news/20200325/wilmington-coronavirus-north-carolina-reports-first-covid-19-deaths-as-cases-pass-500)    [3/23 - Cooper announces executive order closing K-12 public schools until May 15](https://www.wect.com/2020/03/23/cooper-announces-executive-order-closing-k-public-schools-until-may/) || [Sen. Jeff Jackson summary](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fnnx05/as_of_323_at_100_pm/)    [3/22 - We need a special session - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fn6179/we_need_a_special_session_sen_jeff_jackson/)    **Schools**    [New Hanover County Schools COVID-19 Update for Sunday, March 15, 2020 (School closures, student nutrition)](https://www.nhcs.net/~board/district-news/post/new-hanover-county-schools-covid-19-update-for-sunday-march-15-2020)**General COVID19 info**    [NHC Gov: Coronavirus info](https://health.nhcgov.com/your-environment/public-health/coronavirus/)    [CDC info: How to protect yourself, What to do if you're sick, etc.](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html)**Previous weekly coronavirus threads**    [Week of 3/15](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fjaz2m/covid19_coronavirus_local_important_info_for_week/)
John Hopkins has US infected at over 35,000.    https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6

I’m no expert but I’m thinking wearing gloves without some sort of sanitizing or changing them completely between interaction/exchanges with people is NOT going to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
I totally appreciate all of the food workers/service industry and cashiers working during the pandemic but wearing gloves without sanitizing is not going to prevent spreading the virus. A cashier with gloves who is handling goods and exchanging money/cards with a customer that is infected can transmit the virus to the next customer if they have not sanitized or thrown those gloves out for a clean pair. It’s like a doctor seeing a patient then not changing gloves before seeing the next patient. I’m no expert but I’m not even sure it is safe to use sanitizer on gloves. I would almost think it would be better to not wear gloves and use sanitizer between interactions. Anyone want to chime in?
I haven’t been wearing gloves in public (not that I’ve been out much anyway). The argument for wearing them would be it discourages you from habitually touching your face in ways you shouldn’t. I wear nitrile gloves for work, and I sure as hell wouldn’t touch my mouth, eyes, nose, or face while wearing them.
Gloves don't do anything if they aren't changed out regularly. Contraction doesn't happen through the skin (hands). I've seen people wearing gloves, then touching products on shelves, then touching their face, then touching more products, all without changing or sanitizing. The gloves do nothing unless they are changed out very regularly. Like after every single interaction with a customer. Best prevention method is to sanitize your hands between interactions and refrain from touching foreign objects as much as possible. I have a "You touch it; you buy it rule for myself".
It's the difference between people who know how to use the properly and those who don't.  In the end the majority don't know so that makes them worse.  If you use them properly and have them...go for it! (Don't touch anything but the product you are handling and take them off so they are inside out and throw them away, wash your hands afterwards, put on a new pair if necessary, don't touch yourself in anyway while wearing them.)  As stated above it's only helpful to the person wearing them, not others, and only helpful if used properly.
I’ve heard some people say wearing gloves helps remind them not to touch their face, which is key right now.
I’m pretty sure you can still get pregnant if you’re wearing gloves
It’s security theater essentially
Gloves are not preventative, they reduce risk...for the conscious wearer, not the rest of us. ServSafe and OTJ training cover things to avoid contaminating your gloves through improper self-contact, etc.  Every place I've seen is being far more careful than they were in the "before times" with regards to surface, tool, and equipment sanitizing.
I don't know about you but I'm wearing gloves for my own protection. This job ain't worth dieing for because someone didn't want to self isolate.
Completely agree.
Go to Lowe’s Foods in Monkey Junction, no cashiers or baggers are wearing gloves. News flash: They aren’t being provided with them.
If you’re going to wear gloves know the proper way to remove them. Here’s a video on proper removal.  https://youtu.be/kesQF_G3pQ8
I understand what you are saying but in reality it’s not protecting them anymore than if they were not wearing gloves. Maybe the gloves act as a reminder not to touch their face but they can still infect themselves if they touch their face. Why not reduce the risk for both worker and customer by sanitizing hands between customers, or even a quick spray and wipe of the scanner/counter at a grocery?
This
Go to Costco. They've been wiping down every register between transactions.  It's crazy they're paying so many people for all that cleaning but it feels good knowing I've got a lot less chance of getting bugged there

Locals Create an App to Help Coronavirus Victims


COVID19 coronavirus local important info - updated daily
I'm combining this all into a single post. Let us know if you have anything you'd like us to add.**NC Virus Case Count**    [COVID-19 Case Count in North Carolina - Updated daily with a county map](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc)    **NC Virus Updates**    [5/20 - North Carolina to make “careful step" toward Phase 2 of reopening](https://www.wect.com/2020/05/20/live-gov-cooper-expected-discuss-phase-reopening/)    [5/8 - NC COVID trends, lottery winners, car inspections, dentists, getting married, teacher evaluations, the law banning wearing masks in public - Sen. Jeff Jackson] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/gfzkxj/update_nc_covid_trends_lottery_winners_car/)      [4/30 - Relief bill passes unanimously, possible at-home COVID testing, school start date, car inspections, reopening an old hospital, hopeful new drug - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/gb4jr9/update_relief_bill_passes_unanimously_possible/)      [4/24 - Gov. Cooper announces schools will remain closed until end of school year - WWAY TV](https://www.wwaytv3.com/2020/04/24/gov-cooper-announces-schools-will-stay-closed-for-remainder-of-year/)    [4/23 - Governor Cooper extends NC “Stay at Home” order through May 8](https://www.wect.com/2020/04/23/cooper-extends-stay-home-order/)    [4/18 - What we know about reopening North Carolina; the wild west of PPE acquisition; major testing bottlenecks- Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/g3tyr0/update_what_we_know_about_reopening_north/)    [4/13 - New Hanover County Stay at Home order remains in effect, some restrictions lifted](https://www.wwaytv3.com/2020/04/13/new-hanover-county-stay-at-home-order-remains-in-effect-some-restrictions-lifted/)    [4/11 - How North Carolina gets back to work - "Hey Jeff, you know we can't stay home forever, right?" - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fzed5g/update_how_north_carolina_gets_back_to_work_hey/)    [4/6 - New projections of infection totals for NC; field hospital in Charlotte; unemployment insurance; liquor stores; car inspections - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fw43m7/update_new_projections_of_infection_totals_for_nc/)    [4/1 - Coronavirus projections for NC; unemployment insurance; U.S. Corps of Engineers - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/ft5tgp/update_coronavirus_projections_for_nc/)    [3/30 - NHRMC opens temporary structure to meet needs during COVID-19 pandemic](https://www.wect.com/2020/03/30/nhrmc-opens-temporary-structure-meet-needs-during-covid-pandemic/)    [3/27 - Stay-at-home order issued for North Carolina](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241469211.html)    [3/26 - New testing rules, mitigation phase, hospitals gearing up, National Guard - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fpg3oo/update_new_testing_rules_mitigation_phase/)    [3/25 - North Carolina reports first COVID-19 deaths as cases pass 500](https://www.starnewsonline.com/news/20200325/wilmington-coronavirus-north-carolina-reports-first-covid-19-deaths-as-cases-pass-500)    [3/23 - Cooper announces executive order closing K-12 public schools until May 15](https://www.wect.com/2020/03/23/cooper-announces-executive-order-closing-k-public-schools-until-may/) || [Sen. Jeff Jackson summary](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fnnx05/as_of_323_at_100_pm/)    [3/22 - We need a special session - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fn6179/we_need_a_special_session_sen_jeff_jackson/)    [3/21 - Testing numbers, shelter in place, hospital capacity, unemployment numbers, protective equipment - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fml2ge/update_testing_numbers_shelter_in_place_hospital/)    [3/19 - Charlotte cases double overnight, NC cases nearly double, community spread is here - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fldy04/charlotte_cases_double_overnight_nc_cases_nearly/)    [3/18 - First Case of COVID-19 in New Hanover County](https://news.nhcgov.com/news-releases/2020/03/first-presumptive-positive-covid-19-case-identified-in-new-hanover-county/) || [Discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fkwt0a/first_case_of_covid19_in_new_hanover_county/)    [3/18 - NC COVID Update: New testing issues, possible announcements, latest COVID numbers - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fksid7/nc_covid_update_new_testing_issues_possible/)    [3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fjthcf/316_latest_on_the_expansion_of_testing_for/)    [3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Wilmington/comments/fj4h7q/315_update_on_coronavirus_cases_and_testing_in_nc/)    [3/15 - Brunswick County Board of Commissioners Emergency Meeting Recap](https://www.brunswickcountync.gov/coronavirusupdate3-15-20/)**Schools**    [New Hanover County Schools COVID-19 Update for Sunday, March 15, 2020 (School closures, student nutrition)](https://www.nhcs.net/~board/district-news/post/new-hanover-county-schools-covid-19-update-for-sunday-march-15-2020)**General COVID19 info**    [NHC Gov: Coronavirus info (Most up to date New Hanover virus count)](https://health.nhcgov.com/your-environment/public-health/coronavirus/)    [CDC info: How to protect yourself, What to do if you're sick, etc.](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html)
GE is finally letting us stay home as of april 6th.
NHC has had one confirmed COVID death two days ago (per staff working directly with patient). It hasn’t found its way on any NHC totals and I’m wondering why. Interesting.
Does anyone know where to find facemasks and sanitizer?
Expanded testing starting tomorrow. [health.nhcgov.com](https://health.nhcgov.com/your-environment/public-health/coronavirus/screening-testing/)
What's the current status of out-of-state cars being stopped?
I noticed they were setting up the “temperature taking stations” this morning.
Patient wasn't a NHC resident probably
Yep, rolling in to work this afternoon felt like scenes from a zombie movie. Lol
I’m surprised they’re still letting contractors like us in.
Yea, i had heard they were cutting back on southern for sure.
Oh wow. I’m not with them, but we’ve had several places turn us away through all of this.

