COVID-19 patient visited So•Ca Restaurant after returning from Washington State

Honestly, good on the restaurant for being honest and proactive about sanitation instead of trying to hide it to save some business. They get thumbs up for that.
The virus looks like fireworks in the thumbnail.  I thought it was a celebration at first.
Finally not having a social life, not liking crowds, and working nights pays off!
Media: don’t panic!  Also media: check out this bomb-ass graphic, this will definitely grab attention
Hey guys - I used to work for the guy that owns this place. I just talked to him and they have bleached the shit out of everything. Do not NOT eat there because of this.
The real question is did he shop at Harris Teeter....
Sooo basically he has not been in isolation since his symptoms started Feb 25 and has been spreading it until March 3.... even if we discount the plane because he had no symptoms... that’s not good
Honestly based off the fact that this has, best guess at last check, been making the rounds in Seattle since very early January AND the Twitter thread the other day from the health care worker who spent half the day trying to get tested because she was sick and had all the symptoms and was told, essentially, they’d only test her if she developed full blown pneumonia symptoms... I’m guessing this is going to be spreading for a bit and there are probably a lot of undiagnosed folks out there who are healthy and so this just seems like a regular cold or flu.  [For Example](https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/fdoekv/corona_virus_at_toyota_of_kirkland/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
I just saw this! I live across the street - luckily I didn’t eat there this weekend.
Washington is a big state...  what rotten luck that he came here and went to the one building that’s a frickin Petri dish.
I was planning to visit this place this weekend for the first time because my friends highly recommended it :(
If I ran this restaurant I'd have fun with it. Do a $1 Corona special, put up signs bragging about being the 1st exposure, dress the staff up in haz-mat suits
What’s that do for your health inspection score? Monica Laliberte can’t wait.
Haha I work right next door to there. Rip me
damn y'all, use the [megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fd23zz/megathread_novel_coronovirus19/)
This asshole should be charged with a crime
Exactly
But if G Patel owns it he can still go fuck himself.
Too bad the food at So Ca is so terrible because I agree.   If anyone within 10 minutes of downtown is eating “Mexican” food that isn’t from Taqueria El Toro then they’re doing it wrong.
🎉🎉🎉tHE StatEs FirST CasE of CoVID-19🎉🎉🎉
I work from home and don’t go out ever. I feel this!!
Been laying low socializing lately: passively winning COVID war 😁
But you still go to the grocery store right ?
I don’t like crowds so that’ll help. Also having a strict no buffet rule during flu season that will be helpful. I’m grateful that no good movies are out or I’d struggle with that one.
It looks like a YT let's play series thumbnail lol
From him: so•ca was contacted today by the Wake County Department of Health and Human Services to inform the restaurant that the individual who tested positive for the Coronavirus in Wake County dined with so•ca on Saturday evening.    “When the Wake County Department of Health and Human Services showed up early this afternoon, we compiled a list, using our reservation and point of sale systems, of all guests who could have potentially been in contact with the individual. We were able to bleach, rinse and sanitize every piece of silver, glassware, plate, table, door handle, touch screen, etc. and Lysol every chair and cushion before dinner service. You name it, it got cleaned and sanitized today. This is the cleanest restaurant in the Triangle tonight” owner Sean Degnan explained.  The Wake County Department of Health and Human Services is primarily concerned with people who had sustained contact within a 6 foot radius of the person for 10 or more minutes on Saturday evening.  so•ca has followed all guidelines given to them by the Wake County Department of Health and Human Services, including sanitizing and bleaching all surfaces, in order to clean surfaces that may have potentially been in contact with that individual. The restaurant has also provided the Department of Health and Human Services a list of staff members and fellow diners who were in close contact with the individual. so•ca is doing everything in their power to limit any exposure, and the Department of Health and Human Services is reaching out to those patrons and staff members directly.  so•ca urges patrons to contact the Wake County Department of Health and Human Services immediately at 919-250-4462 if you have any symptoms including mild to severe respiratory illness with fever, cough, and difficulty breathing.
> Do not NOT eat  [Is that as clear as you can make it?] (https://i.redd.it/zzvcc5ox6qsy.jpg)
That restaurant is gonna have a rough few weeks. It's a shame for them. But now it's a named location people will flock away for a while.
Found ya brashy
They are also getting a hospital grade sterilizing film sprayed on all surfaces today!
Second Question; how many avocados did he have to squeeze before he realized they weren’t soft.
This is a scary thought... Or the people who ate at the restaurant while he was there, might've gone to Harris teeter as well...
Right. Except that exceptionally high mortality rate for people over 70.
Don’t worry about him. Worry about all the people who flew with him to Raleigh and are shredding the virus now without showing any symptoms.
Please still go. I have worked in restaurants my whole life and we take precautions just as heavily as hospitals. You will be fine - the food is excellent.
Just take your own fork. ;-)
Why would you cancel your plans?
I like your style!
The hazmat suit thing is actually helpful.
Those WRAL Friday segments always have me questioning those scores. It’s always:  “Inspectors found a dead cat and mold in their fridge - they received a 94. Upon re-inspection the following week, they scored a 99.”
It will get buried there. The megathread doesn’t show up in my feed anymore after yesterday.
Guess there's no way to keep everyone happy eh?
The news of the senior home was reported the morning of the 29th. Maybe this person is one that is not into current events and news and was just not aware what was going on.
Doesn’t So Ca serve South American cuisine?
So Ca isn’t Mexican food 🙄
I went there once two years ago and I thought the food was really good. I don't think it was worth the price, but I wasn't paying so I really enjoyed the meal.
I’ve always admired people who can be productive while at home.
Order online and pick up from car.
I usually shop that the Lidl in cary. By the time I get off shift it’s around 6am. No one is there and it’s deserted.
Haha shush. It’s 1030 and I’ve had some *gasps* marijuanas
I know that’s why I feel terrible for them. They are good people.
Just wait until it’s more widespread. Fewer people eating out in general in the coming weeks.
God damnit who is this
The soft ones are in the back. Gonna have to teach you how to Teeter
I’m not saying it’s not something to be concerned about, just that a lot if people may never know that they had it because they thought they just had a cold.
They don’t think anyone on his flight would have been infected because he wasn’t symptomatic until several days later.
I think, at least from my perspective, it’s less about the food being an issue and rather who at the restaurant was exposed. It’s scary knowing people may never present with symptoms but are still transmitting the virus to others.
I would still be worried about the waitstaff who came in contact with the virus
Propel in Seattle do that as a lifestyle and look how the virus is going for them
Why do you think?
Also, it’s not default sorted by new, which is dumb.
it's pinned to the top of r/raleigh
Just curious because I’ve had decent interactions with sean, what’s dreadful about him?
Generic Americanized Hispanic food. I’ve been to Mexico, Peru, Guatemala, Argentina and Brazil and never had anything that tastes like that. Don’t go looking for realistic “ethnic” food at giant, expensive shopping centers like that. The real stuff is usually tucked away. South raleigh has amazing Hispanic spots. Cary has legit hole-in-the-wall spots for almost everything.   Saying SoCa is “South American” food is like calling The Pit a true NC barbecue experience. For those that don’t know it’s a close enough approximation, but anyone who has experienced it knows otherwise.
But all of the countries the menu represents speak Mexican. /s
Obviously, but most people are categorizing it in their weekly restaurant planning in that category. An Asian spot, a Hispanic spot (if you want to be pedantic) an Italian. Most raleigh diners won’t go to SoCa one day and Jose and Sons the next. If you’re going to eat any Hispanic (which is usually Mexican for most Americans, if not for you cultured Reddit people) food then you shouldn’t waste your time at SoCa.
That’s the great thing about free society. We all get our choice! Glad you like it.   I agree that pricing is expensive for the food that you get, but the rent has to be expensive in that location so I understand that part. I eat in the downstairs section of second empire at least a couple times a month so I fully believe that good food is worth paying for.
Dude ate there on Saturday, so it's already been 4+ days
I understand. Maybe just for a few days though!
I want one. Are you getting it cheaper than $20/g
Like a whole one?
See, people. This is why marihuana ^spelled ^the ^FED ^way is dangerous.
Dont worry, all this talk of soca is making me so hungry. Gonna go this weekend
Search your feelings   Buuu kuuu kuu chuuu
Thank you for that tip! It seems my whole life as been lie and only now I can see the light. Knowledge is power!
Yep. I get it. But I’m sorta worried about my parents etc in the high risk bracket.
But we already know that the virus can be spread from people that show no symptoms yet...
Yep, good advice!
Because this thread reeks of unjustified paranoia.
It is now sorted by new.
I only browse my feed, not an individual sub’s page
Not if you keep it sorted by new
No one is going to an American-Mexican restaurant for “authentic food”. You don’t need to be so pretentious. I’ve been to China and love authentic Chinese food but Panda Express is still good even if it’s not authentic. You sound insufferable
Holy shit you are pathetic. Just because you haven't had anything that tastes like that when you've been there doesn't mean that their dishes aren't South American. Maybe you were only butthurt at the prices because it's a high class South American restaurant.
Dammmmmnnnn you're cool.
Mexican isn't a language.
Not answering this lmao
Jesus dude. Everyone gets it cheaper than that.
Please do!!
Sometimes I’m informative in the middle of all my bitching.
Same. Panic isn’t ever productive, but I do think this has the potential to be pretty serious. All my friends back in Seattle are pretty much on mandatory work from home, but I worry about folks in public facing jobs who can’t... especially since a lot of those folks don’t have the means to stockpile supplies, may not have health insurance or have bad insurance, may rely on public transportation and may not be able to take sick time without putting their jobs at risk. The story about the auto dealership is a great example of that and how it puts everyone at risk.
CDC/WHO say it's possible to spread it asymptomatically but that's not a major contributor to how it's actually spreading. So asymptomatic shedding is more of a threat on paper than it is in reality.
The Wake Co Public Health Director said yesterday that based on guidelines set by the CDC “there was no identifiable risk from this case to other travelers.”  They aren’t even trying to contact trace these people because the risk of them being infected was so low.
More like justified caution, which is a good thing. Although MSM is unarguably overhyping covid-19, folks should still proceed with caution when interacting with places where the infection may have been. It's unlikely that it will kill healthy adults, but it would still be a massive fucking inconvenience to catch it. I would be out of work for weeks basically locked in a hospital room or my house, as would anyone else and that is a fact.
There is great Chinese food in Cary. Can’t find true, amazing soup dumplings, but most other dishes if you go to the right spot. Idk why having a divergent opinion is insufferable.   For the record, places like Panda Express created an entire new genre of food separate from actual Chinese cuisine which is different than SoCa doing bad “authentic” South American food. As an example, General Tso’s Chicken is a Chinese-American dish wholly separate from real Chinese food. Since you’ve been to China then you know that many of the ingredients aren’t even the same.
Totally, bro. You caught me. Paying for dinner was the reason I’m critical of it. Ad hominem attacks really show the strength of your position.
So many people here are upset about me having a different opinion. I’m glad you like it. I’m just saying it doesn’t taste like anything that I’ve ever had there...which is why I mentioned those places.
Not me :( I only know 1 guy
I mean it makes sense. This dude wasn't coughing or sneezing on the flight. I'm sure he could spread the disease but mechanically its harder to spread if you aren't coughing.
Buying 7 bottles of hand sanitizer and enough groceries and toilet paper for 3 weeks isn’t “justified caution”. This restaurant has been cleaned and sanitized and the staff aren’t showing any symptoms. There is no reason to avoid it.
glad you came around finally, you're welcome
Nah you bein' a douche.  That's why.
Oh word I hardly use reddit, fair enough.
You're paying way too much for worms, man.
Yeah, someone is ripping you off. Spend a few nights hanging out at your local watering hole or restaurant. Most of the staff can help you, I’m sure. Hotel staff are always good too if you travel.
> based on guidelines set by the CDC “there was no identifiable risk from this case to other travelers.”
>Buying 7 bottles of hand sanitizer and enough groceries and toilet paper for 3 weeks isn’t “justified caution”.  I certainly don't disagree with that.  >This restaurant has been cleaned and sanitized and the staff aren’t showing any symptoms. There is no reason to avoid it.  Indeed. But there are literally thousands of other restaurants in the Triangle that did not have interaction with covid-19. So, people are going to those instead. They're being cautious. Coronaviruses can live on surfaces for days. If people don't want to risk it, that's not paranoia. It's caution. If you don't understand that I'm not sure what else to tell you. Some people don't want even the remote risk of interaction as it could really fuck them up. Fact is, the spread definitely seems to be at least a bit mysterious considering the Norcal and WA cases that started despite 0 interaction with the infected.   Again, it's just caution. If you don't understand why people are being cautious, I recommend reading up on infectious diseases and virology.
I figured, that's why I asked haha. Time to walk Hillsborough St or sit at a bar and ask around
What would you say is a good price per gram and eighth? I rarely buy quarters
SoCa is most likely the cleanest restaurant in Raleigh right now.
Google is your friend. That’s where I’m getting all of this purely hypothetical information. You already know that what you’re paying isn’t a good price so use your powers of deduction.
I don't know dude, I'm just stating what the Public Health Director said.
Reddit is also my friend. Dude no one is going to bust through the screen and arrest you and no one will just for knowing the price of weed. Google is often outdated. I'm at $20 gram, $50 eighth
I pay:  $10/g  $30-40/eighth  $200/oz

5 new Covid-19 cases in RTP

Don't mind me, just going to NY from RDU thru BWI tomorrow.
Thousands of people a day go from nyc to rdu to everywhere else and guess what that means? 🤑🤢🤮🤧🥵🥴😵🤑
The worst part is, the virus spreads before symptoms are clear. Nobody knows who has the virus until it’s too late. However, it’s better for society to run normally for as long as possible then for everyone to panic before hand. Wash your hands, don’t touch other people’s hands, and TRY to avoid your face. Other than that, nothing you can do.
Did anyone else notice very light traffic this morning?  Is that because everyone is taking this seriously now and working from home or is this because of Spring Break?
R.I.P.
People are saving an average of 15% on their car insurance by switching to Gieco?
No. The rate of infection matters.  1000 people showing up to hospitals at once is much, much worse than 1000 people spread out over 2 -3 months.   The "panic" is over the very real risk that out health system becomes overwhelmed which is exactly what is occurring in Italy at the moment.  As of 2/24, they had 250 cases.  They now have over 9k with 19% requiring critical care.
>Other than that, nothing you can do.  Work from home if that's an option. There is no reason to not do that. Avoid areas that too crowded, especially in closed spaces like bars, restaurants, concerts, etc.
There was traffic in Apex on 64 going towards Tryon, more than normal for some reason
I wish, had the classic hour long 540 commute to RTP
I drove to work early and traffic seems worse than normal for the hour on the I40.
Could probably save even more by refinancing your house right now too. (relevant emojis)

Wake County Schools response on COVID-19

As a local school employee, I’m quite concerned that there isn’t a strong enough response. While they’re correct that children don’t seem as susceptible to the disease, there has been zero response for the adult staff members. There have been no training or discussions for staff. It’s disconcerting.
Just want them to tell me when I’m getting refunded for the Washington DC trip.
Any word on athletics/quasi-athletics (e.g. robotics competitions)?
I was totally okay with WCPSS message today until I picked my kids up from school. Neither of my kids' classrooms has hand sanitizer and my 5th grader doesn't even have a sink in his room. He told me today that his teacher said if they want hand sanitizer they have to bring it from home. Also they can't use cleaners near the children. My 2nd grader's teacher is asking parents to donate hand sanitizer and non-bleach wipes. Same school, two totally different responses from teachers.  At this point I have minimal confidence in the school system (and individual schools) handling this.
Kids will serve as vectors between homes. While kids aren't really being negatively affected themselves, the issues arise when they get home and are around more susceptible adults like grandma or a parent with a compromised immune system. It can and likely will get bad pretty quickly.
The closer your field trips are, the less likely you’ll get even a partial refund. I was supposed to attend a conference last year that was canceled two days before due to weather. We never got anything back. Turns out it’s completely legal to not issue refunds when 1) the money is already spent and 2) the cancellation is due to “an act of God.”  Keep in mind it wouldn’t be the school refusing to issue the refunds but rather the companies/organizations you’re traveling through.
Same
It's a relevant discussion
Let’s keep supporting politicians who cut funding for schools everybody! Working as planned!  Sorry for the snark, but... it’s earned. Also sorry for all our kids who have to deal with a needless lack in funding and support for schools. And it’s all the voters fault.
WCPSS is so large (17th largest district in the nation), so responses will vary widely across schools, and within schools, like you pointed out. Just know at least some of the staff is also not ok with how it’s being handled.
> Same school, two totally different responses from teachers.   Just curious, how are their responses differing? Sounds like they both have basically the same response with regard to hand sanitizer, but maybe you meant something else. As far as wipes, sanitizer, etc., I'm not surprised... this is what happens when schools keep losing funding, although the system is so large that the purchasing process would probably take at least a few weeks to get sanitizer/wipes to all the schools even if the money was there
Agreed - and there is no way Wake county authorities are not aware of this. It is obvious that kids will pass it to parents who will pass it to co-workers, who will pass it to relatives and on and on.....
They’ll get a lot of flak if that is the case, the trip was ~$700  Edit: we’re getting partial refunds
It’s next week and if wake county or whoever thinks I’m eating $800 they are crazy.
15th now.   See link below, which is slightly out-of-date:  WCPSS is now larger than Dallas, but smaller than Montgomery County.
No, 2nd grader's teacher is asking for communal hand sanitizer. Parents send it in for all kids to use. 5th grade teacher (according my son) says you have to bring in your own bottle to be used individually.
Absolutely, but remember it’s not the school - it’s the vendors. Some may be kind enough to offer a discounted rate for future travel or a partial refund, but they’re not legally obligated to do so.
Yup. That totally sucks.   But the people who you paid the money to are only middlemen.  The money has already been spent.  They don't have an infinite bank account someplace else that they can tap for the money.  (If they did, they wouldn't have needed to charge you $700.)  It's conceivable that they have Trip Insurance that would cover this.   But that's not very likely -- this isn't an act of God that prevents you from traveling; it's just the district deciding that you can't.
whats the point of reddit if you cant have separate discussions on things and just ignore it if you don't care about the topic.
I mean, in a practical sense, it's the same response, right? "We don't have hand sanitizer so bring it from home if you want some"... one teacher is encouraging that they bring some to share (I doubt they're discouraging individual use, but may prefer a larger supply) while the other is encouraging individual bottles (but may not be discouraging large bottles).   Their responses may also depend on the setup of the room, the maturity of the kids (whether they'll just squirt hand sanitizer at each other), etc. but teacher preference likely plays a part, as you're right in that there is not guidance from the county or likely the school. I don't really see the sourcing/sharing of the hand sanitizer as a major difference in response, though.
I can see where you're coming from. I just thought it was odd that in all of these years of elementary school teachers have asked parents to send sanitizer (or any other supplies) and specified that they were for the whole class.   Anyway, after responding to your comment I emailed my son's teacher just to get clarification. Who knows, he could have totally misunderstood. Wouldn't be the first time, lol.
Haha, the communication breakdown from teacher to student to parent is totally real. But yeah, he could've been totally accurate, but I wouldn't blame the teachers too much as they are probably not getting any guidance on this. The 5th grade teacher may be wanting to minimize the occurrence of kids getting out of their seats every two minutes to cover their hands with a dozen squirts of hand sanitizer and using up a giant bottle every day... who knows.

Raleigh needs COVID-19 Drive-Thru Testing like South Korea (and now Washington State)

South Korea does by far the best prevention practice in the world. Not hiding any number, being transparent, and the entire SK citizens (maybe almost, cause dumb cult kept lying) are cooperating with the government.  Meanwhile, Japan does complete opposite. Due to the Olympic, Japan is not being transparent about the number.   Anyways, hail SK and their leadership. I am jealous.
If you're coughing and/or sneezing, it's probably allergies.  The Yellow Haze is soon to come around here.
Since we are on the same topic. Where do I get myself some hand sanitizers without paying those in exorbitant prices?
This isn't just Raleigh, it's the US in general
I'm fairly certain this is coming, at least at one local hospital. It takes some time to get them stood up, but I imagine that it won't be long.
I don't agree with all the panic. I believe this is more hyped than is going to play out, but I do agree this would be the most logical way to diagnose and confirm cases. everyone rushing to urgent Care is just going to cause cross-contamination between common colds and actual influenza/the Corona virus.
SARS outbreak was a game changer. South Korea developed a plan and has contracts with several for profit companies to create test kits for any outbreak. They were ready.  Japan has the oldest population. I think it would be wise for them to cancel the games.
Make it yourself unless you get lucky and stumble across a shipment. Thorough hand washing is better though.
Wash your hands with regular soap and water. Here’s the WHO’s instructions on how to do that properly.   https://youtu.be/3PmVJQUCm4E
 Bath & Body Works
I think folks are in a massive panic and don’t need to be. Yes it’s going to be wide spread yes some folks may die but the vast majority will be recover and be fine.   This article showing drive up testing is only for health care professionals who may have been exposed/infected.
I’m aware of that. What about places where I don’t have easy access to water soap? ( grocery, gas station)?
Gas works too and dries pretty quickly.
Both grocery stores and gas stations have public restrooms with sinks and soap.

NCSU on Extended Spring Break due to COVID-19

same for Duke and all other UNC system schools
And professors are having to move as much material as they can to online to limit time spent in class on campus. Limiting potential exposure hazards. Valid... But man online classes aren't great.
But, in case anyone is curious, the university is still open and will be (unless something changes after I post this) which means that all staff still have to report to work and carry on pretty much like usual.

Churches need to cancel services in response to COVID-19
Organizations all across the country are cancelling public gatherings. This has included Sports, colleges/public schools, and local events. All done in an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19. &nbsp;I get the feeling Churches will not follow this protocol and choose "faith over facts", which will keep services going. They will end up being the shortcoming of our nationwide effort to slow the spread of COVID-19.Edit: grammar
My Church canceled all services and gatherings for the next 2 week.  After that time they will reevaluate.
Many churches are closing. The Methodist Church has asked that all of their member churches shut down services for the next two weeks.
I'm Muslim and all the area Mosques leaders collectively got on a conference call last night and agreed to cancel Friday prayers (gathering with hundreds of people). The Mosques are still open but the service will not be held.
The church my kids go to pre school at has cancelled all activities for at least the next two weeks, soo, yeah.
Focus Church is not closing and they're still asking my husband to serve. I am very disappointed in the pastor who said "but faith over fear!!!!" and the entire board of elders has been hammering into him ever since he made that announcement. My dad is immunocompromised and I had to tell the pastor sorry not sorry but we can't come and husband certainly is not serving until further notice. Hopefully our pastor will change his mind. Sigh
Summit is only doing streaming services
Glad to see so many folks saying their churches are streaming services instead.  Unfortunately there are plenty of churches out there doing the opposite.  Below is post I copied from Facebook, posted by a childhood friend who is now a preacher at a small church in our home town.  This is a dangerous attitude, damn near insane in my opinion.  The churches and mosques who are cancelling services are doing a good thing for their members and the communities around them and I appreciate that.  I'm sure it isnt an easy decision to make but it is the right one.   "Thanks to the Corona-virus we are seeing who really has faith and who doesn&#039;t. If your Pastor/Ministry cancels church or tells people to stay home because he or she is scared of the Corona-virus I wouldn&#039;t follow that pastor/ministry anymore. They should just take the sign down in front of their church and change it to “half gospel first assembly of the dead” instead. Bunch of social club entertainment-driven sissy’s with double-minded faith. (Sorry, needed to rant) Our life as believers shouldn’t look the same as someone without a Redeemer. We are anointed to conquer, no matter the situation. Yes I believe in using wisdom and common sense..wash your hands, use hand sanitizer, disinfect the nursery toys after every service, but ultimately we are suppose to be a City On A Hill that cannot be shaken. We are the Light Of The World. If our light goes dim, darkness will overtake it. We are the Salt of the earth. What does salt do? It preserves whatever it touches! We’re called to heal the sick, not get sick! Christians are here to preserve the earth. The same Holy Spirit that raised Jesus from the dead lives in us. California is among the first to ban all spiritual gatherings larger than 1000 people. Who does the government think they are? This is just what the devil wants..isolate/separate The Church, because even the devil knows there is power when men and women of God come together in unity and agreement. For faith to work, we cannot have fear. We cannot afford to have double-minded faith in these last days. The Bible says a double-minded person is unstable in all their ways, and that person should not expect to receive anything from The Lord. Abraham was FULLY Convinced that what God had promised in His Word He was also able to perform! God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind!"
I should imagine mainstream ones will close, it’s the snake oil ones out of the main urban areas we should be most worried about!
Genuinely curious as to what gives you this feeling? My church has already cancelled services for the next 2 weeks, then will re-evaluate after that. The pastor has already said that he doesn't think we will have services for quite a while.   Even if they weren't cancelled, I wasn't going to go because a lot of the congregation is elderly and I don't want to potentially harm them. I think the Almighty would understand my absence.  I know the majority of Reddit has a negative perception of "Church people," but we aren't all idiots. With that said, I do go to a progressive church.
Anyone thinking church isn't a major social spread issue should read about patient 31 in SK, who likely single handedly infected thousands by going to 2 church services and a buffet instead of self isolating.  https://graphics.reuters.com/CHINA-HEALTH-SOUTHKOREA-CLUSTERS/0100B5G33SB/index.html
Mine indefinitely cancelled services at all locations worldwide...but it also doesn't rely on donation plates or something similar to stay afloat. I can understand the skepticism. But I think most people and organizations are trying to do the right thing, even at great personal expense.
Give it time. Most churches will cancel unless they are like that crazy church in South Korea and it becomes a BIG problem for all of us.
I mean people could just stop going to church. You don't have to wait for something to close before deciding to not attend.
You mean thoughts and prayers don’t work?
Mine cancelled already.
My parents church is having service and telling everyone it's likely their last chance to come worship together before the government bans things like this 🤔
Insert some snide comment about religion with a long rant that has nothing do with Corona and large gethering of people.
Summit Church cancelled their services this weekend and the one I now go to has done the same as well.
They didn't cancel services, but Bishop Zarama waived the Mass obligation for practicing Catholics, and my parish isn't offering communion wine. They're also pushing people to attend the less-attended weekday masses which are being held in a larger venue to encourage social distancing and encouraging people to not shake/join hands during Mass.  [Bishop Zarama's message](https://dioceseofraleigh.org/news/message-bishop-luis-zarama-coronavirus-covid-19)
Most already did yesterday and the day before.
Summit church cancelled services citing a responsibility to community health.
I think almost all churches of any size in the Triangle area will not be meeting until much more is known. Everyone has been adjusting quickly over the last 48 hours.
A pastor friend announced on Facebook that his Church would only be doing worship services via streaming for the next two weekends. Obviously, this isn't all Churches, but I think this will become a norm as more public event cancellations become a reality.    Regardless, Church services aren't going to be the shortcoming when you still have concerts, sporting events, schools, and work places open. We've had some major cancellations in the past few days, but there's a long way to go before Churches, Synagogues, and Mosques are the main source of public exposure.
Think of the offering plates!!!
NOOOOO LET THEM GO
Several churches in the Raleigh area, including my own, are cancelling.  My church sent out an email yesterday saying all  on-site services and meetings are canceled.  Sunday and all of next week (with possibility to extend).  Online services will continue.
Jewish organizations have cancelled services, events, and religious school. Most are cancelled for the next two weeks, streaming services, and working to transition to e-learning and virtual meetings.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints did.
I find this post pretty ironic considering that bars are still open.
Uh, many are cancelling services. I go to a “mega church” and they’re cancelling services at all of their campuses. I feel like this post is just a dig at religious people and (ironically) not based on fact.
It's optional and free, if they are stupid enough to risk going then it's on them.    But you know, Jesus heals all.
Churches need to be cancelled, period.  &#x200B;  ^(Bring on the downvotes.)
Yes, because church-goers do nothing for the sick, poor, hungry, or homeless.
Most of them are already but good for you for telling them what to do.
Let's just lock ourselves up in our houses and never go out again, shall we? I'm not saying ignore the virus, be diligent, but live!  Did you stop going to church during cold and flu season? Do your kids still come home from school with colds from other kids? Do you freak and keep them home, refrain from all activities?   Do you normally cough and sneeze on people? Open doors with a tissue? Push buttons on the ATM? Handle cash??!  We're all gonna die one day, one way or another, but today, LIVE!  It's a good thing some folks are buying up toilet paper, at least it stimulates the economy!
Same. I attend a very large church with multiple campuses.
We are overachievers and canceled for the next three weeks.
I am glad to hear this for the sake of your health.  Such close quarters when so many are praying together has a lot of potential for transmission.  Stay healthy neighbor!
> but faith over fear!!!!  I’m sure you’d agree, but I was always taught that God made us extremely intelligent beings for a reason. If we don’t use that intelligence, it’s basically a sin.
Board of Elders....
Seems like a big chunk of your life is determined by your church.
Crossroads as well
That almost looks like something that a troll made and let free to see how many idiots would pick it up and run with it.
>Genuinely curious as to what gives you this feeling?  Antipathy toward religion, most likely.
>progressive church  This is what we call a contradiction. But I guess it depends on who is defining "progressive."
People are sometimes bullied for not going to church regularly. I’ve seen it with my family and others.
The hell you say?! Take it back
Ya know why churches don't offer free wifi?  Because they don't want to compete with an invisible power that actually works.   *stolen from reddit
My parish last weekend said they would not be serving the Cup of Blood and also would not allow the Body to be accepted on the tongue (placed in hand only). Then the very first person in my section was an older woman in a wheelchair, the Eucharistic minister went up to her first so she wouldn't have approach the front and what did the older woman and the EM do just 30 seconds after the announcement from the priest??!?   👅. ...SMH.
Yup, just found out from my friend that DPAC is refusing to cancel its *Les Mis* shows this weekend and will not offer refunds.   He's out $500 for his tickets.
The Billie Eilish concert that still went on at PNC last night:  that will be the epicenter of the Raleigh plague
Unfortunately it's on us, too, as they'll be facilitating continued communal spread...
Not sure why you're getting downvoted. It's the truth.  Plus, the church going population is made up of generally older, sicker, and poorer people these days. It's not a popular institution among Gen-Xers and younger.
/r/selfawarewolves
Yep, totally agree! We have abnormally big brains relative to our body size, USE THEM *facepalms*
My husband enjoys volunteering for them. He just likes helping people with tech problems. I meanwhile am not actively involved , I just come on Sundays when I'm not working OT at the cat shelter. I was just venting my disappointment in the pastor's poor decision making.
It doesn't take much. Lady pastor??? That's already way past progressive and well into liberal territory.
Yeah, but there is also a highly contagious virus that you could contract... this might be the time to stand up for yourself.
I’ll pray for you... Is that good enough?
But the Blood isn't being offered and the obligation to attend has been waived.
Well, for the wealthy, they can always buy an indulgence.
Thank you. I keep seeing "Well if they want to risk, it's up to them". That's not how this shit works. You're not just risking your own health.
Don't go, use your choice.
People don't like when you tell the truth about their cults.
/r/unimpressed/  But, you can go to the homeless shelter(s) and feed the hungry, and care for the sick.  I'm sure you'll be able to handle all of it.
I can relate I guess.   All good.   Wasn't being accusatory. Church was big in my life years ago and sometimes I'm a little quick to point it out.
Eh, not really.   The United Methodist Church that I attended in rural NC had a woman pastor in the early 1990s. At the time, the UMC was the most attended denomination in the US. The Episcopalians have had women pastors for as many years.   That's not really a very "progressive" stance in the Christian faith as a whole, just not in certain denominations.
Again, gotta define progressive. I'd say it's not cherry picking a book written as an instrument of mass control for only the good parts and pretending the evil parts don't exist.
But if they dont go to church and then get sick, who send them thoughts and prayers?
Very true.
Toss a few thoughts my way too and we're good.
Which is why you shouldn't go, you have the choice as well.   It's not mandatory.
I think people just don't like assholes of any flavor.
Looks like I've joined you. I'm at zero currently.  Well, if it was just the nuttiest of the churchgoers that would suffer, then I'd be cool with it. Unfortunately, these idiots work and interact with the rest of who don't believe in the sky god.
I already volunteer at an organization. Didn't even need a church to help me. Picked myself up by the bootstraps! Millennials, man, I'll tell ya they've got gumption.
I understand, and I appreciate your concern!  I used to be much more involved in church as well but got burned enough times by other congregation members I only casually attend now. The pastors and relevant leadership I've encountered have all been fine...it was always the other members. Bleh
The healthy bitches that stayed home.
May the lord forgive me. Sending good thoughts too.
I'm not! I don't go to church anyway. But this comment doesn't really make sense as a reply to what I said. My whole point is that people seem to think the only person's health they are risking is their own. Continued communal spread is a threat to the community as a whole and at-risk groups in particular.
Could be. But also people just don't like when you tell the truth about their cults.
[Be sure to swing by Costco on your way there.](https://i.redd.it/roo6qjgrjgm41.jpg)
Healthy and smart. Lol
Thank you, we did it!
It makes plenty of sense.   Stay home, if the church is staying open for whatever reason then maybe they care more about attendance and money vs people getting sick.

Dreamville Music Festival Moved to August 29th, 2020 due to COVID-19

Oh God that's going to be even worst with the summer heat.
Still no lineup.
Impressed that they have an actual date
This festival is just not meant to be.
Exactly coupled with Raleigh humidity it’s gonna be horrible
They’re gonna hold off till probably late July if that to announce now.
They probably had a back-up since they had the hurricane last year that kind of forced them to plan for that stuff. Also very strange as to how they had released no lineup and the festival was less than a month out... I get that you may have to move the dates but for those prices people should've known what they were paying for.
yep. Now they have even more time to keep negotiating contracts
Contracts should be negotiated way before. Especially given how many festivals there are nowadays. Unless you either don’t have a lineup past the Dreamville label or have multiple people dropping last minute you shouldn’t not have a lineup less than a month out for a 40,000+ festival.
I agree!! I couldn’t get around the idea of buying tickets without seeing the lineup. A few I’m sure are definite but we will see
The lineup is supposed to come next week according to them, but I guess they’re working on confirming artists for August now.
Just going off their Instagram post but I wouldn’t doubt it. They’re just using that excuse as a last minute ticket sales thing probably.

If you attended the local lego convention on March 6-8 2020 you might have been exposed to COVID-19


​Some Lego Convention Attendees at Risk of Exposure to COVID-19 - Wake County News

No faith in humanity.  If you're sick, why the fuck would you go to an event with thousands of people?  Living under a rock?      I don't buy into the fear mongering, but damn.

Lego Convention on March 8th - Person tests positive for Covid-19


Restaurants offering food to families affect by COVID-19??

I know Eggs Up Grill and Daddy D’s in Fuquay both have mentioned it.
Just FYI, I’ve seen posts from others stating this list may not be accurate as Child Nutrition has since removed it from their page. Hopefully they will update with a new version soon.
Yeah I’m going to take it down as I can’t verify anywhere official thanks

Peep show! WRAL is using a pic of Amsterdam (?) to share COVID-19 information on Twitter. Hope this brings someone else a slight giggle in these weird times.

They had all kinds of wrong words and misspelling on one broadcast last week. 🙄
As if Raleigh has anywhere near that level of walkable urbanism.
Ohh they had one from Iran a week ago.   [https://imagevars.gulfnews.com/2020/03/06/Iran-coronavirus\_170b0573ad8\_large.jpg](https://imagevars.gulfnews.com/2020/03/06/Iran-coronavirus_170b0573ad8_large.jpg)
Who visits dare County
Or that quantity of red lights.
Really getting global with the NC response.

Gov. Roy Cooper lifts some unemployment restrictions to make it easier to qualify during COVID-19 crisis

My SO got laid off two summers ago, and that whole article had me going, yep, NC is still the worst in the country for unemployment....maybe folks will pay more attention to this and try to get the state to fix it. 12 weeks is the max amount of time you can get unemployment in this state. And most only get it for 9 or 10 weeks.   Sounds like they aren’t changing the requirements all that much, but that you’d receive the benefits sooner at least (typically takes several weeks for your first check). It did say they removed the requirement that you have to be actively looking for a job, which was a good amount of documentation you had to submit. So I imagine this will definitely help those who were laid off. Which means if you cannot find places hiring right now (a given), you can still get unemployment.   The amount you get will still be based off of your previous work salary. The most you could get in NC last year was like $350 a week, but most folks are going to get less than that depending on how much you were making at your job before you were laid off.

Delivery drivers -- how has business been affected by COVID-19?
I'm interested to know whether business has dropped off due to a preference to cook at home during this time, or whether it has picked up due to preferences to get take out while not having to leave home?  Is there anything that has been particularly good or bad since COVID-19 hit Wake county? Is there anything you wish consumers would know? Please share your experiences!
I'm a Grubhub/Doordash driver.  Probably since a lot of employees are not working due to a lot of businesses closing, they are probably doing side-jobs, which is causing a major oversaturation in the market.  Pretty much doing it now is more stressful than it was earlier.  Instead of getting at least 10 orders a day, it's now less than 3.
Uber/Lyft and delivery are not doing super hot right now. I went out this morning to drive and got 4 total rides from 7-9 and made $21. I usually get 10-12 rides in that same period and make $50-60. There was almost no traffic on the road since everyone is staying home, people aren’t traveling for work so no airport rides, and now people who usually would need rides to/from work don’t have to.
I guess no delivery drivers have any time to answer. Business must be good right now.
I'm sorry to hear that. Hang in there! This will pass eventually. The message I'm hearing with these responses is to make sure we're tipping delivery drivers extra during this time. Will be sure to do my part.
Hang in there! Are you going to make the switch to delivery? Will try to spread the message to make sure we're tipping you all well. Stay healthy!
I don't think that's the case - I think the majority of people are stocking up on groceries and pinching their pennies instead of ordering takeout/delivery during the week. There may be a surge during the weekend for people looking for a break from the new normal but I think that may be the extent of it.  I also think even if business is booming currently, it won't last long. The food delivery market will become overly saturated by new hires by those not working looking to get a job immediately, especially all of the bartenders/servers/hosts/bussers and other front of house staff that are mostly all out of jobs as of yesterday.
Thanks :) yeah, I’ve started with Uber Eats and I’m gonna look into doing Postmates/Doordash/Instacart. Fingers crossed that does a bit better.

Any gyms still open in Raleigh during Covid-19?
I’ve read a couple news articles and visited o2/ lifetime fitness sites only to see they are closed as well. Already know YMCA has closed. Was previously going to fitness connection which said they wouldn’t close but now they have. I’m even open to the triangle in general, I am a big on weights at the gym and with no equipment at home I am already feeling stir crazy
Going to the gym is a bad idea rn. You have a high chance of getting infected there and even if you don’t fear it someone close to you is probably at risk.   Try going for a run near where you live.
How hard is it to stay at home?
Try body weight exercises? I’m sure there are some intense ones to follow on YouTube...
Stay the fuck home meathead✌️
Any gym that still takes new members or drop ins right now is not one that you should ever go to.
Do push-ups and stay home, watch some work out videos and stay home, do some yoga AND STAY HOME
There's a new but very small gym around the block from me downtown. I only know about them because they opened like last week.   &#x200B;  They were  open as of Tuesday but shut down yesterday.   &#x200B;  Tough time to start a business, but they really should not have been open that long in this environment.
I feel your pain man.  Though I'm sorta glad everything closed because it does force me to stay in....I'm just hoping once they open back up I can find some cheap home gym equipment that people bought during the down time.  AthleanX has a good at home program on his YouTube channel you should check out.

Burr Recording Sparks Questions About Private Comments On COVID-19

He was talking to a group of NC business leaders and has been on the forefront of warning the public about this as well. These comments are in line with his public position on the virus.   Editorial by Burr on 2/7/2020:  [https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-prevention-steps-the-u-s-government-is-taking-to-protect-you-sen-alexander-and-sen-burr](https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-prevention-steps-the-u-s-government-is-taking-to-protect-you-sen-alexander-and-sen-burr)
As if "Fox News" wasn't already enough of a joke, it's an opinion piece too. Wow.
I’m guessing you didn’t read it because it’s and editorial written by Burr and Lamar and states the following   “ Americans are rightfully concerned about the coronavirus -- there are 12 confirmed cases of this new infectious disease in the United States, and the ability of the virus to rapidly spread in China, where it has infected more than 24,300 people and left 491 dead, is alarming.”
That’s the not the original point. The original post makes out that Burr was hiding his views from the public which is false. The narrative of a “secret” recording is just click bait. But since you brought up, can you provide evidence of when the US was better prepared to face emerging health risks. We make advancements in the fields of health and technology each day. This CDC white paper from 2007 outlines the exact steps the government has been taking to combat community spread.   https://stacks.cdc.gov/view/cdc/11425
How's that working out?

US COVID-19 Tracking google sheet. Updated daily. CDC doesn’t have a total tracker like this. They have charts with new cases but not a chart with total cases by date

The Jon Hopkins resource center is more up to date then this. FYI
I like the data and am hoping you can update and improve.  [Link to simple stats](https://1drv.ms/x/s!Ahl_ec-sHd10jLVBlaPqajJkloUc8w?e=t6cuB5). Key is iMR chart showing good change in rate.
Thanks!  Again this is just putting the CDC numbers on a graph daily. Lots of sites are more up to date.
Link is asking for password
Password ?

Millennium Tour 2020 Attendees at Risk of Exposure to COVID-19

Have a question for those who know: Gov Cooper banned events with more than 100 people on 12 March. Who gave the okay to have this event (on 13 March) even though there was a ban in place?
The executive order was on the 14th.
Gotcha and thanks.

A Wake County resident who attended The Millennium Tour 2020 at PNC Arena on March 13 has tested positive for COVID-19 and was symptomatic while attending the event.

The concert should have been canceled by the venue, the tour promoters, and the State. The person should have stayed home having shown symptoms and concert goers should not have gone. Just an absolute mess by all parties involved. The lag between infection and when you show symptoms is exactly what's going to make this explode
Do you point fingers at the person, or at the venue, the concert should have been cancelled, as many people on this very forum said before hand.
wrap it up guys, we found patient 31.......
I’m actually fuming. Literally was begging for this concert to be cancelled because I literally knew this was going to happen. PNC is actually stupid. Fucking stupid. Yea, let’s not cancel a 20,000 person event while there’s a fucking pandemic going around with cases IN WAKE COUNTY. Has common sense actually left the fucking world?
Stay the fuck home
Man, the governor should have the operators of the arena AND the entire centennial authority in his office immediately and demand the firing of whoever gave authority for this concert to continue.
This is so stupid,  are we doing the isolating thing or not?!  I’m losing so much income right now and my business will be dead after this with all the closures,  but if people are going to still go “out and about”  then wtf are we even doing.   Either open everything again and let’s make money to live as we die,  or stay the eff away from parties and concerts and large groups and let’s actually do this social distance thing.   Which ever one it is it can’t be half ass like this, either isolate or freaking open up businesses again if we aren’t going hard on this preventive measures thing.  Whew I feel better a bit letting this rant fly,  stay safe everyone.
>The person was at the concert from 8:20 p.m. Friday, March 13, to midnight Saturday, March 14. The individual had floor seats in Section 5 but moved throughout the crowd during the show.  >"Because the crowd was so mobile, it would be very difficult determine who came within six feet of the affected person for 10 minutes or more," said Wake County Medical Director Dr. Kim McDonald. "If you went to the show and spent time on the floor, you may be at risk of exposure."  >The Wake County Public Health Division has set up a special information line for people who attended the show or worked at PNC Arena on March 13. Affected Wake County residents can call 919-857-9375.  >Wake County is also emailing anyone who bought tickets to the concert to inform them about the situation advise them on next steps. At this time, the county does not believe anyone at PNC Arena outside of the above-mentioned timeframe was at risk of contracting COVID-19.
Have a friend who works there and the venue didn’t even notify their employees about this. So fucking irresponsible of PNC. Officially done with that venue and their management.
This kind of shit is why we skipped Billie Eilish. Who the hell goes to a concert sick???
Sounds about right.
gotta shut down the venues now.  but the induh vih dewal should be in jail until forever.
>Do you point fingers at the person, or at the venue  Yes.  This show was the night after everyone was hounding PNC to cancel the Billy Eilish show. So it's not like nobody knew. I'd also point fingers at the tour promoters.
> wrap it up guys, we found patient 31.......  [For those who don't get the reference.](https://twitter.com/girlsreallyrule/status/1239171993100005376?s=19)  'South Korea was doing a fantastic job of controlling #COVIDー19 for the first 30 patients. Then #Patient31 came along, did not adhere to social distancing and caused 2 clusters that were responsible for 80% of South Korea's infections. Don't be #Patient31.'
Happy cake day!
Especially with everything going on and he was symptomatic..... selfish.
No, they just don't give a fuck. They knew this would happen. They just aren't willing to take financial losses.
I'm waiting for Carolina Theater to cancel shows.  I've got a ticket to LPOTL in mid April.  I can't risk going because I have no insurance, but I don't want to be out the money.
yeah, but its cooper.  the equivalent of getting scolded by a 3 year old. oh yeah, 100 of my negative comments come from raleigh, so fuck you guys...and fuck you too.
Completely agree. What are we even doing still having events like this when schools, businesses, etc are closing? Ridiculous.
They sent out a mass email to employees
so many butthurticus in the town.  yall salty and bitter
Same with patient 17 in Vietnam where I am. We've been dealing with it for a few months now and the first 16 patients were handled incredibly well. There were zero additional confirmed cases for about a month, until a plane from UK brought patient 17 and then quickly deteriorated from there. The borders are closed to nearly everyone now but now the number of cases are in the 80's. Still quite good for a country of 100 million people that shares a border with the country of origin.
Weird thing to say ¯ \\\_(ツ)\_/¯

Second and third Campbell students test ‘presumptive positive’ for COVID-19

wasnt campbell one of the only universities that didnt cancel their classes early?

Volunteering opportunities amid COVID-19?
Hello Raleigh Redditors, first of all, I hope you are all doing well and staying strong in the current circumstances. It is a hard time for everyone, but I am sure we will get through it. I am reaching out to ask if any of you know about volunteering or providing help in hospitals or laboratories. My gf just graduated with her Master's in Biomedical Engineering last December, and it has been challenging to find a job and even more in the current circumstances. Companies have frozen their hiring process, and we don't know when she will get an opportunity. Nevertheless, she wants to provide help and work, even if it's not remunerated. She has laboratory and engineering skills but is willing to work in anything she can be of aid. Does anyone know any research lab, hospital, or institution that she could volunteer at this time? Thank you, and I hope you and your loved ones stay healthy and safe. Regards, A fellow triangle Redditor
She should call the NC Department of Health and Human Services. They have been sending out emails asking for medical staff to volunteer. They may also be hiring.  If she wants to volunteer, she can get compensated for her time and fuel by volunteering to drive home-bound folks to doctor appointments. Have her check out [The Center for Volunteer Caregiving](https://volunteercaregiving.org/) if she is interested. They are desperate for help. I offered a while back to pay for application fees of up to 10 people. Not one person took me up on it. If your friend decides to help, I will pay for her $20 application fee, all she needs to do is DM me and give me her name or at least her last name, after she has her orientation. They are very fast, and should get her connected with opportunities within a week.
[Here ](https://www.nc.gov/agencies/volunteer/disaster-assistance) is what I got from one of our city updates yesterday! If you go from the home page, visit “disaster” for volunteer opportunities specific to covid situations.

Front Line Healthcare workers Covid 19 risk

Maybe if we donate to Senator Burr he’ll start caring about us.
I'm going to call bullshit unless you have evidence other than Facebook or our idiot in Chief.
My son had the flu this past year, I have an autoimmune disorder. They did not quarantine his school, they did not release me from work and no one paid me a stimulus for the time I missed- I’m not trying to be the 1% here but this kind of panic is only going to cause worse issues later. See CNNs article about herd immunity. Please stop spreading panic. Our immune systems are equipped to deal with viruses if we allow- if they are not able to then obviously that is where medical assistance comes in. My family works hard to prevent the spread of sickness, no matter which virus, all year round... stay away from elderly and those with compromised immune systems (such as myself), stay home with a fever, wash your hands and mind your manners (cough into your elbow). The rest is up to everyone else. But please for my family’s sake and your own, stop spreading panic.

Raleigh PD publish Video of man walking around in public tested positive for CovID-19, mentions Concord, NC.


Guy in Raleigh has Covid-19 doesn’t care who he gives it to. Out at Walmart.

This won't end well if true.

Man diagnosed with COVID-19 Casually Walking Around Walmart

Per WRAL, this was a hoax and he was arrested.
I honestly don't understand the point he was trying to make. He comes off as a complete idiot. If that was the point, then he was incredibly successful.
https://www.wral.com/stanly-county-man-facing-charges-after-perpetrating-hoax-about-having-coronavirus/19022753/
What a moron.
I just guessing, but there’s always that guy who thinks folks are taking this too seriously and we should all just “lighten up.” That’s now going to cost him a $10,000 secured bond.  This isn’t anything to joke about.
How do people think shit like this is funny?
I knew he was trash just from the Bills hat.
What a fucking moron.  Beat him in jail out of camera view please.
What an idiot. Glad he was arrested. Thanks for the info!
Thank You God , this is probably this dumbest thing you could do for 15minutes of fame. Hope that idiot learned his lesson.
How can it be a hoax if he was arrested for what he was accused of?
... putting it mildly
And neck tattoo. And the way he talks. And charlotte area.
WRAL says felony perpetrating a hoax and also disorderly conduct
He wasn’t positive for covid19
there are some really old laws about inciting public terror or a potential riot.
The jussie law?
Lol, yes there were a few red flags.
Thanks for the clarification. I believed the title on the video was stating a fact when in reality it too was part of the “hoax”. I’ll be more diligent before I reply.
Nor he was negative.
Such technical. Much complex.

First North Carolina novel coronavirus case confirmed in Wake County

Over on the Raleigh Discord, we have created a channel to chat specifically about COVID-19. All are welcome to join us through [this](https://discord.gg/XFMT7t) link. A mega thread will probably be stickied as this develops.
Wash yo kids. Wash yo wife. Wash yo hands.
I've just kind of assumed it's already in every state by now.
Stores were already bad since the CDC announcement last week. Now they are going to get nuts.
It would be nice if they would give more details if this person was in the population for a day or a week, or not at all, perhaps they got off the plane and went straight to the hospital. And if they had been in the population where did they go? Were they in Costco on Saturday? Angus Barn on Sunday? Would be nice to know if we perhaps crossed paths with the sick person so we could self quarantine if we had the potential of walking through their sneeze cloud.
I am not worried about the virus itself, but rather people's over the top panic reaction to it. People are going to be hoarding everything locally. What a pain in the ass.
Oh Jesus. I'm supposed to fly to Vegas on Sunday for a week long conference/ show.  I really really don't want to go. I take immunosuppressants.
I'd like to take this time to remind everyone to not panic, don't horde supplies, and most importantly, WASH YOUR FUCKING HANDS
Since we are still in regular flu season I’d like to add that people need to keep their sick kids at home. I heard a kid with the worst chest congestion in a craft store and last week I noticed a kid at a hot dog place with red cheeks and she was just staring off in the distance not interacting with her family.
If you feel sick, STAY HOME (Yeah this is directed towards the person in my office who was pretty much dying today)
It’s about to get stupid here
Wash your hands. Don't touch your face.
What are the odds that someone from Wake County would be visiting the one freaking nursing home in Seattle where there’s a corona virus outbreak? After quarantine I’d recommend that person go buy a lottery ticket
Great timing. It's Election Day. Tens or hundreds of people will be sharing the same pen in each voting booth.
Fun fact, you aren't going to use 35 bottles of sanitizing agent before the virus passes.  Other people can use them and the more people that take small precautions will do better than a few people sanitizing the crap out of everything.
WRAL just confirmed he flew thru RDU on Feb 22  Link (6th paragraph) https://wr.al/1HgDW
I wish they would have said the plane number or what day this person came back. I travelled through that airport recently specifically because I thought it would be safer than Atlanta
Damn it where in wake
My immune system is absolute crap so I'm now officially terrified. Anyone want to come bunker down with me and spend the next... Who knows how long... Playing video games and watching Netflix?
My coworker was getting her feelings hurt over the amount of hate we were giving her.  She was coughing all over the place and we practically beat her with a mask till she put it on. Im on immune suppressants and she still comes to my desk to use the phone. Hand washing will only do so much for me with people like her around.
Realized today that this is also going to coincide with allergy season. So people will be sneezing and sniffling who aren't sick. Chaos!
Good thing I bought all this bottled water
Reminder to add cleaning your cell phone to the list of things to do regularly. Cell phones are fucking cess pools and it’s pointless to wash your hands then touch a dirty ass phone.
Wash your hands. Don’t touch your face. Wash your phone, too.
Can I stop paying my student loans if I can possibly die?
Just got back from urgent care a little while ago because I've had a nasty cough since Thursday that took a turn last night, and this was not the news I wanted to come home to.  As an aside about hand sanitizer, check Bath and Body Works. The bottles are small and cutesy, but they have a shit ton of hand sanitizer and people may not think to look there.
As sick as i beeen the last two weeks i was thnking somehow soomeone tested me.  I have never has this bad of deep rasping cough with a flu.  It has beeen two weeks and i am getting better now.  I think i will live.
GRoCery sTorE!!!!!!!  Go go go!!!  Milk, eggs, bread, toilet paper. Buuhhbye
Wash your hands & stay away from work or school if you are sick.
Here is an interactive COVID-19 map that, when zoomed in, seems to suggest someone in the area of Knightdale. Not that it matters in the end, but I know some people like data. :) [http://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6](http://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)  Edit: Point on the map probably represents Wake county only, instead of any specific area.
Welp, time to get the bread and milk.
i think this suits the situation.  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDAmPIq29ro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDAmPIq29ro)
I was at dollar tree in Sanford and they had a lot.  HD is completely out of stock.  Office max off falls had some small hand sanitizer yesterday. No big ones.  Target was OOS.
It was a good run guys
Tomorrow will be insane
They are now contact tracing. Dont be surprised if you get a knock on your door today or tomorrow asking/telling you to self quarantine. It's not going to just be his contacts but contacts of those contacts. Literally 100s of people need traced now.
This isn’t a big deal. The people who panic are a greater danger to the public.
He traveled to a place he knew to have the virus and didn't self quarantine?
Fuckkkkk
Getting crazier in here by the minute
[Johns Hopkins CSSE aggregate data](https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)  Best viewed on a desktop.
Why are people stockpiling bottled water?  I get hand sanitizer, but water? I need answers.
They think it's been circulating in Washington since Feb 20th or so. I imagine it's been going around NC for quite awhile, meaning there are probably many infected. Just haven't been testing for it.
I'd love it if people would consider sharing below some tips and tricks they use in order to stay healthy, even if those ideas may seem obvious.  Here are some suggestions I've gotten from my doctor and my acupuncturist:  Daily Multivitamin.  Wellness Formula vitamin 1x a day.  Lymphatonic, 2-3x a day should I get sick.  Keep Zinc lozenges on hand.  Pineapple or pineapple juice is great for coughs and inflammation.  Bromelain (Pineapple extract) is useful.   Don't consume too much sugar and alcohol, as they're taxing on immune systems.  Cooked food may be better than a raw food diet because it requires less energy to digest and could give your body more energy to fight what's out there.     That's all I've got so far.
they just happened to go to the exact worst nursing home they could have gone to..   just went back to seattle last month and i was careful, how they could have not realized this was a place under investigation astounds me.  but wa state hasn't been handling it the best.    hope everyone recovers. and hope it doesn't spread more out this way.  the west coast is starting to go a bit panic mode.
Cancel school please
Well damn, spending next week in a hotel in downtown Raleigh for a business trip. Great timing!?
I watched a couple of people coming out of a store with a cart FULL of spam and what looked like spaghetti Os. 🤣🤣🤣
welp, fuck
This is great. I had the type B flu last week and now the coronavirus has invaded Wake County. I've got a bad cough still from my flu and it makes me hella paranoid about coughing in public.
[Wake County COVID-19 Patient Timeline](https://wr.al/1Hgj0)
So looks like I have a fever, a sore throat and a cough over here. Ehh, I don't feel that bad. Who wants to go have dinner tonight at So-Ca?
Head of North Carolina Health and Human Services says "Because he showed no symptoms of the illness, nobody on the flight or at RDU when he passed through was at risk of catching the virus."  We know for a fact that asymptomatic transmission is occurring. Are these officials really this uninformed or are they lying to prevent panic?
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1647  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
How did coronavirus start?
Ohshitohshitohshitohshit
Do I need to rack up on bread and milk for this one?  :)  People need to build up their immune system better. People get sick over everything these days. They need to start licking door handles and get a super-charged immune system.
I need milk!
Studies are now showing that the virus can be spread by contagious people farting.
Omfggffffddggf
What fucking idiot goes to the hospital where the outbreak happens then gets on a plane days later ...
Sort of suspicious all these reports coming on Super Tuesday?
Here I am in Blacksburg VA before Spring Break. Was really looking forward to seeing my girlfriend. Now I feel like I have no home.
Hand sanitizers don’t work! Google Purelle lawsuit. Alcohol may kill some bacteria but not viruses. It also damages your microbiome of your skin, and makes any more vulnerable to infection. Also, some of the earlier versions of hand sanitizer had triclosan which was responsible for making superbugs-or-antibiotic resistant bacteria. You’re better off using something with colloidal silver in it.
Burn this shithole down
Maybe not name the channel "winnie-the-flu"?  I recognize that all of the channels have goofy names...but...
Something appears to be wrong with the link.  "AccessDeniedAccess denied.Anonymous caller does not have storage.objects.get access to discord/invite/XFMT7t."
.... cause everybody getting  coronavirus out here.
As someone with awful anxiety, thanks for making me laugh about this 😂
Don't touch nothin.
We washn' everybody around here!
I came to say hide your wife hide your kids.  Your joke was better.  Take my up doot.
Wash yo surfaces
Wish people would realize this. There are likely several hundred if not thousands of unreported cases across the US right now simply because they’re mild cases and the people are not going to clinics/hospitals to get tested.   This thing is basically an acute respiratory disease that has a marginally higher mortality rate for the elderly and potentially the immunosupressed. For everyone else it’ll likely be another illness that you may get and overcome after a few days to a couple weeks. If you get sick, just stay home and take care of yourself and if it feels severe then go to the hospital.  No need for panic.
I’m so glad my grocery shopping is done lol
Maybe it's too soon, but my local store looked shockingly normal 10 minutes ago.
Its actually been fine since that announcement, maybe if this turns into multiple people getting sick then yeah itll get crazy
I picked up woodworking recently and went in to pick up more face masks. Didn't even think about it until I walked down the aisle at Home Depot and the entire 4 ft section was empty with purchase limit signs.
Yeah. I work at a grocery store. The panic really started Sunday and it's so busy all the time.
Lol, right? I was in Rdu 4 times last week. Also currently recovering from a nasty fucking cough.  Can I get some more deets?
There are being tight lipped to prevent panic, they already said they would be tracking contacts down
I'm also curious what they mean by him being quarantined at home in isolation.  Does he live with anyone?  What does "isolation" mean here?  I find it hard to believe he's truly isolated with the way pretty much all houses have central HVAC systems.  Does he have his own toilet that no one else uses?   Why wasn't he kept at a hospital?  Cost?  I imagine the cost of getting tested and the cost of staying in a quarantine at a place designed for it is going to make the spread of this virus so much worse across the US.  I'd also really like to know the status of this guy.  Is he showing minor symptoms or is he in pretty bad shape?  Also, it was mentioned that they've been testing people since January.  Have any of those people been re-tested?  From what I've been reading, the tests up until recently weren't even working.
It doesn't matter.   This is no more important than the flu.
This.  It's like preparing for the *preparation* before snow forecasts.  We see snow in the 10 day forecast, we bump our grocery trip up so that it doesn't fall in the 2-3 days before the predicted event.  Doesn't matter if a snow comes or not if you can't get your regular groceries because the grocery stores are cleared out.
If the toilet paper is sold out just buy probiotics and fiber pills, won't need any more TP... Clean breaks only.
the panic hoarding is already at full strength in washington and oregon.
I'm moving to the Triangle on Monday...guess I better stock up on the essentials here in Texas before heading out since everything will be off the shelves by the time I get there.
Ask your company if you can avoid this due to your circumstance.
you're definitely high-risk, I would weigh how important this conference is to you!
I'm surprised your conference is happening.
I wouldn’t recommend going
It'll be ok because I keep hearing "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas"
Skip it. Not worth risking it.
ConExpo?
I am wondering if mine at the end of March to Austin is going yo be cancelled.
vegas doesnt have any cases, thankfully.  be safe.  i have a mask you can have if you need it.
Wash your hands, use hand sanitizer, and don’t touch your face without washing your hands. Do that and you’re much less likely to catch anything, let alone COVID-19!
And CLEAN YOUR PHONE!!!
Don’t horde, but nothing wrong with being prepared.
In other words do the same things you should be doing anyway even when there’s not a viral outbreak.
she's turning, kill the head!
🎵 Please keep off of the grass 🎵
Can I touch your face?
Close your eyes, don't breathe.
I mean with their luck if they buy a lottery ticket it will somehow give them crippling debt.
Realistically pretty high.  The reason is because there are so many different small chances of something happening that add up to a high likelihood that one of them occurs.  The population and wealth of the area with the industries that are large would make it nearly impossible for the area to not have some sort of infection quickly.
I don't feel like that's a coincidence for them though. They were there by choice.
What a fucking asshole though, to go there and then return assuming nothing was wrong and get on a commercial flight possibly infecting hundreds. They should never have visited a location where people were infected, I don’t care if their mother died there, it’s a public safety issue
Oh. My. God. Good point.
The people that this guy infected are likely not infectious themselves yet. Unless this one guy in particular decided to vote then it will be fine.
True! We should be happy for other people to buy hand sanitizer because that means they’re killing more community germs. Sounds like Captain Obvious but the hoarding mentality can kind of obscure it.
And is just NOW sick??
Kind of a good scenerio.  Hopefully limited spread in such a short time since this blew up at the nursing home one week later and he must of put 2 and 2 together right away here.
Feb 22nd. Wral just reported
Yeah I was in RDU 4 times and had a nasty cough all week, probably would be good to release that info.
~~Raleigh.~~  Edit- I was mistaken. Watched the press briefing again and they only say Wake Co. They wouldn't even say if the person flew into RDU or not.
Wake Forest
If I wouldn't shortly be unemployed and then without health insurance and homeless I'd have isolated my pself by now for the next two months.  I really want to ground my parents and tell them they're not allowed to leave their apartment...
But Is it actually crap, or is something else going on?    My wife always said hers was bad, turns out she had a resistant infection. The standard stuff they always gave her would only knock it down for a few months. Eventually they took blood and did many cultures to find an antibiotic that would kill it. Once they found the one she has be good eve since
Carry a pool noodle?  "If I can whack you you're too close!"
What’s your employers vacation package like?
I have asthma so I feel your concerns!
Masks don’t do shit. She needs to go home
I still have bottled water from a hurricane about three years ago.
Yeah but nobody else touches my cell phone so...
My phone gets wiped down several times a day with a Lysol wipe. Did it  2x/day before, but I have a habit of inadvertently touching my face,  and you know how much the average person is on their phone.   It's like "Okay, I just washed my hands for the 10th time today, but once I touch my phone did all that go out the window?"
Nope.
Make sure you get hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol content
Or just wash your damn hands, I don’t get the hand sanitizer fetish
also lysol type wipes might be good to think of.
LoL, I keep telling people this isn't a natural disaster. Worry about all the other stuff you might need that might be made in China. ( Being China isn't exporting anything right now)
I’ve been keeping up with this dashboard daily - it centrally locates the dots based on location. This dot is meant to represent “Wake County” not the exact location of where that infected person actually is.
Hmm, I'm not so sure the location is accurate down to that level on the map.  I know there are 3 confirmed cases in Okinawa, Japan (with 1 having recovered), but that map shows no cases in Okinawa.  I think the location may be based off the location of whatever organization is reporting the data.
You’re right that it may not matter, but I’m guessing that’s the hospital located on New Bern?
What you are saying about the pinpoint might only be partially true.  When I look at the Seattle map they are definitely highlighting 2 spots where people were infected.   None of the people who have the virus are in the city of Seattle actually, all outside it.  Edit: Also when I look at NYC they are specifically showing lower Manhattan and the person that is sick there is from that specific borough but not sure if they actually live in lower Manhattan or not but that red dot is pretty specific.
I check this map daily. I look at the # of US cases and see how it has changed, and I look at the yellow line in the bottom right graph, which only just started taking off last week. We’re in for a months-long shitstorm. Italy had 150 a couple weeks ago. They’re over 2,000 now.
Https://Plague.com
Apparently, CNN gave the location as Wake Forest.
Upvoted, this is awesome!
Upvote this comment! I didn’t think to check the map.  You are absolutely correct. Thanks!
Before this news hit today I was at walmart getting dog treats and everyone was loading up on water.  WTF.  Pretty sure this is not The Plague and people can wear space suits if needed to keep the water on yo.
Well how else are you going to have bread cereal with the power off.
I was really hoping for [this](https://youtu.be/N_J5ASIEYs8)
what would happen in an instance where this man went to several different stores or restaurants like any other human? send out a press release listing all the places he went to and when?
How does self quarantine work?  Like “please don’t go anywhere” but no ones watching you?  Lol if I catch it I’m going to hang out at the general assembly and touch everything.     How does quarantine work for your job? Do you file fmla or something so you can’t get fired?  Like if you hate your job go ahead and file and take a vacation?
What if I'm leaving the country to go to a previously unaffected country tomorrow AM?
I'm not panicking, well not about the virus. I am a little nervous that others are flooding resources and there won't be some for those of us who aren't freaking out. Toilet paper I guess, is in demand right now. I need to wipe my ass!
...we didn't know that Seattle had the virus until a few days ago. He probably had no idea until he got home.
The nursing home in Seattle is a worse-case-scenario for those there since the virus has been there for a while just undetected and now spread amongst the worst group to get it.
They didn’t test anyone in that nursing home until late last week/weekend. It’s been mass hysteria in WA since because so many people have been there over the last few weeks and had no idea. Before this nursing home outbreak it was just people who travelled to Wuhan or South Korea they were worried about.
He flew back on the 22nd.  So over a week ago.  They didn’t know at the time.  Incubation time is up to 2 weeks so it’s possible a lot of people are infected and spreading it across the US.
So did that plane full of people. Should we cancel flights between RDU and SEA?
Honestly it’s nothing new it’s been in the US for weeks. A guy in Washington state who died on 2/24 has now been confirmed to have died of corona.   Panic causes chaos, chaos helps no one! Agree with the hand washing, staying three feet from anyone coughing and sneezing, no hugging use good common sense folks.
This needs to be higher, very informative.
It's dumb. Not necessary.
The news about the nursing home just broke over the weekend.  Until then there had been one case in the entire Seattle area. They were probably there 2-4 weeks ago.  Hopefully they weren’t walking around coughing and showing signs yet here but that is probably wishful thinking.
Idk this is my last semester. So cancel it right when they can say that I’ve completed my classes and that’s be perfect.
For how long?  A year?
Some official on the radio was saying that they're trying to avoid it. Apparently they have tried it before and it didn't work very well.
I like this idea
I only side eye those who don’t cover their coughs in public. Otherwise, I just assume they have a cold and are doing their best to keep it to themselves.
Also Powerade zero, diet carbonated water, etc. It’s still liquid and people don’t buy those out.
I think the current prevailing theory is that it was transmitted from an animal at an open air market in Wuhan to people at that market.
It's believed it originated from an outdoor live animal market in Wuhan, China. COVID-19 shows similarities to coronaviruses carried by horseshoe bats, so it possibly came from someone eating something contaminated with bat feces or by an intermediate species (ironically, this is how the virus in the movie Contagion starts).
No one knows for sure but 2/3 of the first 40 cases with flulike symptoms all were connected with the same live animal market in Wuhan, China back in December
Better answer, we dont know yet.
Heard a theory tracing back to the illegal pangolin trade but other than that we don't know
bat soup
One that doesn’t know the outbreak is Happening. He flew back to RDU on the 22, it was close to a week before the outbreak was announced
Don't start that conspiracy theory stuff.
You mean all these reports just like the ones yesterday, and the day before, and the day before that?
https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html?fbclid=IwAR3W35-ph5dklNYd3JhDhvTnuA0lQ1CHCY5DCuh_mACXDYvddLyfWzVY3D8#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6  Look at the chart in the bottom right and expand it. The yellow line is cases outside of China. It’s a coincidence. This shit is ramping up significantly. Someone from every city/state/country could theoretically come up with a conspiracy theory as to why it’s happening to them.
> colloidal silver  Get that homeopathic [bullshit](https://nccih.nih.gov/health/colloidalsilver) out of here.
CDC and medical professionals are saying that >60% alcohol sanitizer will work.
Yeah there’s been a lot of casual racism every time the internet talks about China or anything even slightly related to them.
Try this one, it's the main link. https://discord.gg/8muvFWY
You don't have to come and confess, it's looking for you. It gon find you. It gon find you.
I love North Carolina
https://ibb.co/9ZDCqYL
you'll be fine.
FYI it's considered lower respiratory, the infection happens basically at the bottom of the lungs and works up
The other difference is that no one is vaccinated for it. The annual would fly would be much worse w/out vaccinations, even in years where it’s less effective.
Marginally higher, try three times higher
This is factually inaccurate and dangerous to think that it's just a slight respiratory thing.
I went about an hour ago on the way home from work. I had zero problems finding everything on my grocery list. Cleaning supplies, not so much.
Its only gonna get worse dude, the panic is just beginning
Went Sunday myself and you could already see things vanishing from the shelves.
Seems store by store. My Target is bleak, but also its kind of always bleak.
I saw tons of people with masks on in Aldi
I was out today and needed something at Walgreens and the parking lot was filled.
I picked up a few face masks a few weeks ago since my wife had some flights coming up and I was following the news. It was slim pickings then and now I bet it's every person for themself when it comes to masks. I've had luck before at Freight Hardware for masks.
 I noticed a lot of things already vanishing Sunday. I can't imagine what it's like today.
Also have a cough and sore throat and overall shit feeling after traveling back on Sat. BUT, one of the three main symptoms of COVID-19 is a fever. My temp is fine. That’s the one thing to measure before assuming you have it.
Same for me and my husband, I’m recovering from a terrible cough/runny nose/fever that I caught from him. Husband has been traveling a lot for work, not out of the country, but in and out of town every other week.
Im going through rdu 2x/week 3 weeks in a row. Gonna get exposed to something...
but that's my point. If they were out in the population living their normal life, there are a lot more "contacts" than they can possibly track. They wouldn't know to go to track me down if I pumped gas right after they did. But if I knew they were at Sheetz location  123 on Sunday around 4pm, the same time I was, I would know to be extra careful and quarantine myself if I could even if I wasn't experiencing symptoms. they're still treating this like a disease that only spreads once there are symptoms and the person has come into the hospital. If this is spreading when there are no symptoms, the possible contacts the person has is much much greater and harder to track. Like someone else said, the panic ship has sailed. I don't understand why they're not being as transparent as possible.
Which of course will have the exact opposite effect and spread panic.
Honestly, home isolation is better than hospital if properly adhered to. Being that it transfers before you have symptoms, anyone living with them would likely have it already anyway, so ideally the whole residence is quarantined. Being quarantined at the hospital risks transferring it more through the medical staff, so if symptoms are mild home is better. IF they can actually be trusted to stay home and not contact anyone. A few people so far have said eff it and escaped quarantine from public facilities (to be found again later and scolded)
Pro-tip: in those situations do your grocery shopping at ethnic grocers. I don't mean nice ones like H-Mart either, but the random ones tucked away in strip malls in Cary. They always seem to have stuff in stock during panics.
The time to stock up was a when the CDC announced that things would be disrupted in the coming months.
I knew I should have ordered that Japanese toilet I've been wanting.
Clean breaks are one of life's little treats.
Wait until your first snow storm, this is nothing.
Lol, for me the conference is not important. For my company it's a big deal.   I will be working the booth meeting customers, collecting details. We will have about 30-35 staff going, I've asked my boss if I can not attend. With the overall turnout going to be lower than expected I think we will have plenty of staff to cover it who aren't elderly or immuno suppressed
130,000 attendees registered. Millions spent by the exhibitors. Way too much money sunk for them to cancel it.   We are one of the exhibitors. Although I already know big companies from our customer base who are cancelling sending people.    The show is definitely going to be quieter than it was supposed to be.
Yip. Are you going? I heard yesterday Vulcan materials cancelled all their attendees.
I have an Austin convention in May. Wonder what the world will look like in May.
Yeah Vegas doesn't.   But now RDU airport is the problem. An infected person just came through there so staff could be spreading it right now through out the airport. Just think that plane they were on from Washington  there will most certainly be multiple other people infected when they got off    And now it's in our area I need to avoid busy spots    The uber driver who brought them home prob has it. That persons partner probably has it  There will definitely be cases popping up.  Edit: oh and thank you for the offer of the mask. I actually had a few from some work I do. Thank you tho.
masks are for the already-infected
Hand sanitizer is pretty much out of stock everywhere.
I have ibs you can bet you ass im hoarding toilet paper
But I wonder would she be like a Walking Dead zombie or a World War Z zombie one she turned? I might have a chance to outrun the slow ones.
If your hands got Bojangles' fry seasoning on em
This guy knows his probabilities.  Birthday problem FTW!
It’s a huge conclusion to jump to that someone knowingly traveled while sick especially given the long asymptomatic incubation period this virus has.   It turns out the Wake County resident travelled through RDU on Feb 22nd well before King County knew about Covid-19 at the Kirkland nursing home.   See Seattle Times article from Feb 29th a week after our neighbor traveled through RDU: https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/health/one-king-county-patient-has-died-due-to-covid-19-infection/  RDU article confirming arrival date was Feb 22nd: https://www.rdu.com/covid19/
You're being an ass.
Mittens my friends.
Good to hear, thanks.
Eh, it’s been shown that asymptomatic people are more contagious than those who are exhibiting symptoms.
He flew into RDU on February 22nd. Average incubation is around 4-5 days. It's not a ton of time, but if he did infect anyone else they're probably showing symptoms around the end of February.
Long incubation period with no symptoms.
The Washington cases weren't announced until recently, and the testing + confirmation probably took a day or two. He was probably showing symptoms before the end of February but didn't get tested until after the Washington cases were confirmed.
Thats a good sign, it means he was very early in the cycle when his viral count was low, so it’s unlikely he was contagious at the time
Can you not math?!?! Assuming they went to hospital recently, say on March 1, thats a whole WEEK they were likely going about thier daily life spreading this everywhere. It spreads in the absence of symptoms....
Oh my god. How many people have travelled through that airport since then is now the next question
Do you know what date said patient flew back here?
Thanks
Did they confirm somewhere that it was raleigh?
It was RDU on Feb 22 https://www.rdu.com/covid19/
Where did you hear wake forest?
I've grounded my husband. No more hockey or restaurants until this is over. He actually agreed with me!
I always assumed it was because of my anorexia but maybe I should get some tests done to rule an infection out!
I love this.
I started drinking my hurricane supply a few weeks ago because I wanted to free up shelf space (and it's expiring). Guess I started too soon.
Right, but you touch every other damn thing and then touch your phone. Unless you plan on washing your hands before you send any text.... you do you but just giving a friendly PSA
If it's lower, you'll have to drink a lot more to get ripped.
It's good for situations where you don't have immediate access to soap and water. Washing your hands is the first thing everyone should be doing, hand sanitizer is a backup precaution.
Bought a two pack yesterday at Lowes Foods in Knightdale and they were still plenty stocked. Not sure what it looks like over there today, though.
Thanks for the info! I was wondering about that.
That's a good point! That would make sense - there's a lot of medical buildings in that area.
Not if you live in Knightdale lol
Do you think any restaurant would survive being listed as one of the places he went to?  They sanitize quite frequently so there’s no reason to list them off. It’s a death sentence for any place listed.   If you went to the same place he did, then it is what it is. Nothing you can do about it.  Just check for a fever if you get sick.
If you leave the house a city official throws an acorn at you and then tells you how great Wegmans is.
Watch the NC governor’s briefing.  They are in touch with the person twice a day.
Get a bidet, you savage.
Yeah, they didn't disclose the details on when they flew back, and how long they had been in the population between the flight and getting tested
Technically it was in a suburb outside of Seattle, Kirkland. The region has been dealing with it for a few weeks too.
we knew back at the end of january when i flew out there that someone had been exposed.  he could have been more safe even if the info about the nursing home wasn't out yet.
Italy and Iran travelers too.
How big is this nursing home?
Tell that to my kid in daycare.
Back in October I was maybe going to have to visit Vietnam for work. We talked with our supplier there and they said to bring our own theraflu as there was a run on it because of some weird flu thing going on over there. Things were official in January, but my guess is they've been going on for a while.
[A sneeze travels farther than that. ](https://slate.com/human-interest/2014/04/mit-sneeze-study-new-research-shows-sneezes-can-travel-up-to-200-feet.html)
seattleites have been on alert for a while.  i moved from there not too long ago and visit frequently and stay in touch with the local news.  people have been being careful and stores were sold out of masks even when i visited.  yeah it definitely blew up in the last week or so but it wasn't something people weren't aware of in general.    i still think the person could have been more careful.  but i still hope they get well and stuff.
Agreed just let me get to may
Yeah, this isn’t going away any time soon. COVID-19 is supposed to peak in the spring, reside a bit over the summer, and likely come back in the fall. We can’t just cancel school indefinitely.
Idk tbh
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1461  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
Literally how the movie Contagion starts.
I was just about to say, this sounds oddly familiar.
pointing out the obvious. Fear and rain are the two main things that result in low voter turn out. Is it so far fetched?
yeah. its suspicious all of those reports on previous days are coming today
can you link the report of the first Wake county confirmed case from yesterday?
http://www.themedicshack.net/colloidal-silver/
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Narasimha_Golla3/publication/222102689_Antiviral_activity_of_silver_nanoparticles_synthesized_by_fungal_strain_Aspergillus_niger/links/0fcfd4febef4761fad000000/Antiviral-activity-of-silver-nanoparticles-synthesized-by-fungal-strain-Aspergillus-niger.pdf
Since it's still named that, I'm just gonna assume that the mods aren't aware of how it can be casually racist to call it "winnie the flu" and just be happy it's not named "kung-flu" and carry on with my life.
Not sure how one person looking like winnie the poo is racist though.  It's pretty much Xi's fault anyway, so fuck him.
I got the same message.  AccessDeniedAccess denied.Anonymous caller does not have storage.objects.get access to discord/invite/8muvFWY.
Thank you for the clarification, I'll edit in my original post.
I’m not seeing how I’m wrong? Notice how it is listed as the global mortality rate. This rate takes the mortality of all demographics (and geographies for that matter) into one and isn’t very reliable when applying it to a target population.   There is a MUCH different mortality rate amongst different age groups if you take the time to look at the data available. Last time I checked which was a few days ago the mortality rate for people under the age of 50 was approximately 0.2% (including children). While people 50-70 was approximately 4% and people over 70 was 8%. For the elderly, the increase is marginal compared to illnesses such as influenza and pneumonia.   These are the numbers I’m pulling from the top of my head so I may be off a tiny bit on the percents and/or age ranges. I’m sure there may be some more recent data that may have shifted the percentages one way or another ever so slightly.  People need to understand that determining mortality rate and applying a mortality isn’t so cut and dry...
Where did I say it was a “slight respiratory thing”? Everything I said is actually entirely factually accurate; what did I say that wasn’t correct?
What all should we be buying? Is there a list somewhere?
it's gonna be hurricane-style buying on steroids
Only certain items. The shelves were just a mess and we had to do a lot of leveling
My wife keeps saying my head never felt hot lol.   Guess I’m good.
Im not defending the Government’s choices, just explaining what they are doing
Great tip.
Make sure you pass on the bat soup, though.
Yep. Done and done beyond what most people think to even do. Just observing what I saw.
Bidets are great. You can get one cheap on Amazon for $25 or you can roll out the red carpet for your bum hole with the $600 from Costco that can recognize you when you sit down.
This is gonna be different. Snow storms come and go this is gonna be for a while.
If you search the news a bit you will see the likes of Amazon and Google cancelling their own conferences and pulling out of other events. Plenty of evidence to help sway your bosses.   I have a big industry trade show in Orlando next week so weighing what to do myself (luckily my company doesn’t exhibit so no booth duty to worry about).
Did your boss approve your not going?
I know a lot of tech conferences have been cancelled, also a lot of gaming conferences, Facebook just pulled out of SXSW and there's talk the 2020 Olympics are possibly going to be postponed.   I'd say it's going to be a quiet show.
Conferences are being cancelled everywhere, despite how much money exhibitors spent.
Who are you with? I work for Buckner but declined to go this year due to some scheduling conflicts.
April-May will probably be the worst, then it will reside over the summer, then kick back up again in the fall.
immunocompromised people can greatly benefit from masks as well. also i already have them from the wildfire season last year out west.  i'm not keeping any from anyone by having them.
Yeah it has been totally sold out for over a week in several stores near me.
You can make it from rubbing alcohol and aloe gel
Proper hand washing  is as good or better than hand sanitizer
Gas stations, no one looks there.   Also the ABC store if you get really desperate.
Friendly tip—they make hand sanitizing wipes as well.  I was at Walmart and while it was hard to find any squirt hand sanitizer, they had a shelf full of the hand wipes (next to the tampons and depends lol)
Amazon prime that shit
We just got some from the Target at Triangle Towne Center
Even warm water helps. Obviously hand sanitizer is preferred, but still wash your hands with soap and/or warm water
What about getting an attachable bidet?
Just kill the head and we won't have to find out.. let's find an infected with broken legs to start running tests on.
It was irresponsible to even travel to Washington state at all. We know there have been cases there for a while now.
No, the ass is the person who traveled to a contaminated state and infected possibly hundreds of people. Blood is on their hands.
Well it’s kinda shitty how the symptoms the CDC says are only “fever, cough, shortness of breath”. I had all of these symptoms on Sat, but on Sunday my temperature was perfect. The CDC is way too vague. I’m coughing like crazy and winded walking up the stairs. I travelled on Sat. I’m paranoid. They need to release a day by day symptom guide with more specifics.
I math good.
I kind of wish there were some specifics in that announcement.
They aren't saying. Probably trying not to cause panic.
Feb 22 and they have said it is a man.
Feb 22 https://www.rdu.com/covid19/
I read elsewhere on reddit, so don't take this as confirmation, they flew into RDU  on  2/22/20.
The man flew back into RDU on Feb 22
Well yeah, that’s where RDU airport is...
CNN said Wake Forest
~~I'm pretty sure they confirmed he resides in Raleigh during the gov's press conference.~~  Edit- I was mistaken. Watched the press briefing again and they only say Wake Co. They wouldn't even say if the person flew into RDU or not.
Hooray!  Good for husband.  I work in a tourist spot.  We were unbelievably packed all weekend, and today, even though our first confirmed case has apparently been in the city since Feb 22.  They aren't telling people where he visited over the past 12 days - hopefully we would have been notified if he was here.
Are you worried the water supply will stop, or become infected? Because both are wrong in the case of an outbreak of covid-19.
Fun fact, it doesn't expire. I think there was a New Jersey law requiring all bottled drinks to have an expiration date so they set water out for 2/3 years or something.. since they have to do it for NJ they just print it on all the bottles now.
Adding on to this: credit cards. When is the last time you wiped that sucker down? And how often do you hand it to the waiter, cashier, drive thru personnel? Those things are nasty!
Are you sanitizing your clothes daily?  Are you sanitizing your entire body?  Are you sanitizing your entire house daily?  I mean let’s be realistic.
Imagining having to run through a gauntlet of people with slingshots and a pouch full of acorns is pretty hilarious.   I haven’t been to a wegmans yet—am I missing out??
Yeah man I’m tootttaally at my house right now just catching up on some tv, organizing my socks and shit.  Don’t wanna expose you and I can’t get out of my bed I’m too sick—just gonna keep talking to ya through my ring doorbell.    Haha the guys probably coughed germs over half of wake county lol.
I've never actually had an opportunity to use one, so Savage may be correct.
That's scary. All the people on that plane could have been exposed and they are just walking around not knowing they might be carrying it too.
source? Not saying you're wrong, just not familiar with it.
Thankfully kids are surprisingly resistant to this strain, but they’ll still be carriers of it for sure.
Children are actually fine with this virus. No children under 10 have died from it and and there have been tens of thousands of cases for that age group
Well yeah anyone with a kid in daycare is guaranteed to get it.
Someone from NCDHHS was just saying on the press conference that it is surprisingly not as bad for kids. The cases of kids getting it are fewer and the severity and mortality rate are much lower.
I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s not been around for a bit. They confirmed a bit ago a guy in NYC has been sick for a month and is now positive as well as a person in Washington state who died 2/24 also had it they just got his postmortem back today.
Who already confirmed aerosol transmission  has been happening
I realize that use common sense. Three feet is what’s recommenced by the CDC. Good hand washing and common sense is what’s needed right now not everyone panicking.
I moved from there too. Based on what I am reading on the reddit subs most sound pretty clueless and surprised about this outbreak. But it might be because luckily all of these infections so far have not actually been in dense central Seattle but in the suburbs.
I mean the drinking water isn’t gonna be tainted. People buy that up bc a hurricane can shut down infrastructure.
Actually it’s how the movie ends ...
It's more so just bad timing. Much like a nursing home having an outbreak of Coronavirus - the worst possible group of people to get the disease. Next people will say DARPA made it rain on super tuesday.
Can you link the report for Super Tuesday pertaining only to Wake County?
> AccessDeniedAccess denied.Anonymous caller does not have storage.objects.get access to discord  PM me your discord name.
It's not slight if the death rate is 20X greater than the flu.
Not that I'm aware of, lol. I just bought my normal groceries for the week.
Simple list in this image https://www.reddit.com/r/PandemicPreps/comments/fb767d/i_was_told_to_crosspost_this_here_from/  I have three weeks of nonperishable food, plus normal cold/flu supplies.  (Basically you want to ge able to stay home without leaving for 2 weeks if sick) If you can find cleaning wipes or hand sanitiser, buy some.  And most people wash their hands wrong, here's the right way https://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/+/www.dh.gov.uk/prod_consum_dh/idcplg?IdcService=GET_FILE&dID=149685&Rendition=Web
But will it be worse than 3” of forecasted snow?
I was burning up Sat night but fine now. Didn’t have a thermometer the night I was on fire. I imagine a fever with this virus lasts a while.
Well of course that's what they're doing. And I think it's wrong.
It WAS don't up vote this lol
Don't go full prepper, but be responsible.
Yeah man I've been to Japan a few times and love them. It's straight up luxury. I might get a Toto one sometime.  Every time I go back to the states I feel like a barbarian with paper.
They did. They said they understood and I'm off the hook. Very happy :)
i have a friend who said he knows for sure that sxsw is going to be cancelled, but take that anecdote with a grain of salt.    in the meantime seattle isn't cancelling any of its cons..
Donno why I'm being down voted above. I'm saying I wish they would cancel it but they won't the organizers have too much money sunk in it, they need a show. Though I'll bet the attendees are gonna be down 25% + from what they are expecting
My wife just bought two bottles of hand sanitizer from the Aldi on New Bern three days ago.
Isopropyl alcohol is also completely sold out at several stores I visited today.
proper hand washing is absolutely better than hand sanitizer. Wash your hands every chance you get.
I’m just going to do both
It’s being price gouged on amazon. Like $50 a bottle or something stupid.
Handwashing with soap and water is better than hand sanitizer
Warm water has no medical benefits vs coldwater
Probably a good idea
I have one. You still need toilet paper to dry your ass, but it takes a lot less TP than wiping.  Maybe you could get a hair drier to dry yourself after without TP.
True,I overthink everything!
I’ve been practicing my whole life for this day. Resident Evil taught me everything I need to know. Pew pew.
Are you saying no one should have travelled to Washington State — close the ports and airports and Interstates — because one case was detected on Jan 19th in someone who has been in Wuhan, China? https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2001191  Should the governor now have the National Guard quarantine all of Wake County since there is one presumed (not yet confirmed with a lab test) case here?
I was in California last week and flew home.
You want them to make something up?  Cause what you are saying doesn’t exist for any illness and would be drastically different for each patient.  For instance the illness can take between 2 days and 2 weeks to show and would affect someone with other conditions different than a young health person different than an older person.    Temperature is the key.  Everyone with Coronavirus basically runs a temperature. 70-80% get a dry cough, 10-40% get fatigue.  The range of time can vary widely on it and as you can see the symptoms even widely range.
Yeah, right?  I know the first person diagnosed in Seattle area was end of January and it just started making the news of an outbreak last weekend.
for real. why were they tested? they were so sick that they had to be hospitalized? how many days were they walking around spreading germs before they decided to get treated?
>Probably trying not to cause panic.  I think that ship has sailed.
Thanks.  I hope they provide more details later today.
Shit, seriously?  My sister got the regular flu last week and they told her, "good news: it's not Covid-19".         "You're really testing for that?"           "Oh, yes. "
Where did CNN say that? I would love to read the article.
ok yea I watched the briefing and was like wait I must’ve missed it. I wish they would say which town, I mean I’m not sure it really matters as it may be all over the county but I just wanna know.
I meant it sarcastically. I don't understand why people are hoarding water.
He’s afraid the one guy who runs the water supply is an immunosuppressed 80 year old diabetic.
I thought there was an issue with the bottle breaking down and leaching chemicals into the water, but I guess I've never seen that verified.
Sanitizing a cell phone is not too daunting of a task.
Happy Cake Day snortinsawdust! Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.
They are super inexpensive and easily install on any toilet. Changed my life. [Check it out](https://www.amazon.com/SlimEdge-Attachment-Electric-Install-Internal/dp/B07CGVBZGL/ref=sr_1_7?keywords=Bio+Bidet&qid=1583335022&sr=8-7)
My housemate just got back from seattle two weeks ago and had a cough pretty soon after arrival. ugh
um i mean the first guy up in everett was known about a couple weeks before i flew at the end of january.  people in town were definitely talking about it while i was there.  drugstores were sold out of masks and had signs on the door saying so.  there were a few signs up on busses saying to be more cautious.  i mean.. people were aware.    the news broke recently about these other people in the nursing home but we knew seattle was at risk before this. im sure you could search the seattle sub(s) and find first info posts out about it back in january.
Source? I can't find anything about young kids (under 2). Most articles reference "young adults" so I just assumed there wasn't enough data.
The virus is still too knew to assume that kids are resistant. They are certainly still carriers.
Just no spending time with the grandparents for a few weeks
Yea but they still spread it
Just to support this with numbers. As of last week, China had 73,000 cases, of that only 416 were under 10 years old, and of that, none died.
Yeah, this is what I don't understand...why do people think the water will be shut off?  Are they dumb or am I missing something?  Then again people buy milk when there is a threat of a power outage so.....yeah...
How the virus starts. How the movie ends.
This is skewed but the media loves to report on it to generate views. The flu generally has more prevalent and severe symptoms that cause people to go to hospitals and clinics for treatment. Thus, the number of reported cases is high. Coronavirus on the other hand is still not clearly understood and many epidemiologists believe that the number of unreported mild cases is very high. This means the mortality rate is also likely significantly lower than current estimates on available data. This is even explained in several articles that you probably skimmed.  Also, I literally said ACUTE upper respiratory disease. If you don’t know what that means, it’s the polar opposite of “slight”.
The list is missing gats, how else am I supposed to steal my neighbors bottled water?
Thanks
What does "full prepper" mean to you, and why is it bad?
I’m glad your boss was reasonable in that regard and you’re off the hook and hopefully will stay safe and healthy!
I wouldn't be surprised to see SXSW cancelled.
Everclear is a decent alternative. Unfortunately NC only allows 151 proof, but that should be sufficient.  Don't forget about iodine too if there's any of that left.
Hardware stores. People don’t know they have supplies there.
then do vodka
Clean your laptop keyboards and wipe down your phones as well. And for the love of God, leave your phones outside of the restroom.
Five times a day, 30 seconds each time, definitely before you eat, will reduce your chances of getting a viral infection by 45%.
The problem with hand sanitizer is the dry slime it leaves behind. Go wash your hands after using it for a day
Oh god
Depends on your technique tbh. If you do a shitty job washing your hands it's not really better than hand sanitizer
just boil your hands
Except I wash my hands longer when I'm using warm water.  Because, well, it's warm.
you'll wish you got one earlier. trust me
If you're even quasi-serious, pick up Max Brooks' books, you'll enjoy the read ('Zombie Apocalypse Survival Guide' and 'World War Z')
Yes, unless you want a pandemic. We need to be aggressive with this and restrict domestic travel.
You’re an asshole
Well someone else posted that only 43.8% of patients in China had a fever. So over half did not.   https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2002032?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf  I have a dry cough and I had fatigue on Sunday. And was running super hot, and had chills in bed. Never experienced that before. My wife now has it. I travelled back from Michigan on Sat. Lots of Asians with masks on. Even on the plane. Lots of people coughing on the plane. I washed my hands and used sanitizer like crazy. Still caught something. How do I even get tested for corona?  I doubt my local doctors office has kits.
Maybe it’s just me, but I have zero faith in their contact tracing. Like I’m supposed to believe that every single person that walked near this person is going to be contacted? When, after the virus has already spread to more people? That guy could have been in a gas station next to someone that paid cash, how would they ever find that person?  I already assumed this thing was not going to be contained, mostly because I believe it has already spread to too many people to contain it. But I didn’t quite expect us to be one of the few places to get hit by the damn thing early on!
Completely an assumption but since this person is isolated at home (they said this in the press briefing) I’m thinking maybe they had traveled to the long term care facility sometime before the news broke over the weekend about that outbreak. Maybe they were having some symptoms and then when they saw the news figured they should get checked. Again, completely guessing!
Apparently it was a misprint - they meant Wake County. Sorry!
Haha I think the water thing is weird too, I bought a bunch of water because cary is doing their annual flush and I hate the taste now I’m really glad I bought it when I did! (Before the insanity)
Oh, my bad. I'm not understanding it either. That and the TP hoarding is so weird to me.
I mean keeping like 1 case of water bottles is probably a good idea. I lived in chapel hill through 2 water crisis-es in like 3 years. Another time my apartment just shut off the water for a day without telling us for unscheduled maintenance.   Not saying I think coronavirus is going to shut down our water supply, but shit happens and it's not a bad idea to have a day's worth at least at home.
As long as the bottles are kept in a dry location away from direct sunlight (i.e. a pantry), they'll be perfectly fine to consume for years to come.
It's UV light and heat that will speed that up so just keep them in a dry dark location.
Lock him in his room, tell him you are exercising a citizen’s quarantine.
Odds are much higher it's a cold than covid19, regardless stay safe and take preventative measures.
Hopefully this is helpful to folks, I’ve been seeing these numbers thrown around on Reddit, but here is an actual source.  This info is taken from [Stat News](https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/03/who-is-getting-sick-and-how-sick-a-breakdown-of-coronavirus-risk-by-demographic-factors/) , idk how reputable they are, but they appear to be citing official [CDC](http://weekly.chinacdc.cn/en/article/id/e53946e2-c6c4-41e9-9a9b-fea8db1a8f51) information:  “The vast majority of cases in China — 87% — were in people ages 30 to 79, the China Center for Disease Control reported last month based on data from all 72,314 of those diagnosed with Covid-19 as of Feb. 11. That probably reflects something about biology more than lifestyle, such as being in frequent contact with other people. Teens and people in their 20s also encounter many others, at school and work and on public transit, yet they don’t seem to be contracting the disease at significant rates: Only 8.1% of cases were 20-somethings, 1.2% were teens, and 0.9% were 9 or younger. The World Health Organization mission to China found that 78% of the cases reported as of Feb. 20 were in people ages 30 to 69.”  “The death toll skews old even more strongly. Overall, China CDC found, 2.3% of confirmed cases died. But the fatality rate was 14.8% in people 80 or older, likely reflecting the presence of other diseases, a weaker immune system, or simply worse overall health. By contrast, the fatality rate was 1.3% in 50-somethings, 0.4% in 40-somethings, and 0.2% in people 10 to 39.”  While there haven’t been enough cases in the US to validate these statistics, it does certainly look like young children are significantly less likely to contract (and therefore die from) the virus.
[‘We simply do not understand why’ Coronavirus is sparing children, puzzling experts](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna1147951)
Exactly! Any kid in daycare is basically a gateway for a virus to get into a home. You’re changing their diaper and they cough or sneeze on your face, reach up and touch your face with their saliva-covered hands, etc.   I need to buy a bubble-suit.
For sure
You are kidding yourself if you think they locked Wuhan down for a flu with "a marginally higher mortality rate."  This thing is a beast.   Warm weather will probably stop it, but it is going to cause some pain and likely overwhelm healthcare systems.
Full prepper means the folks that area ready for the end of the world. Have 3 months of food and water and are more ready for the collapse than they are just not being able to buy stuff for a couple days. There's one thing to be prepared, and then preppers are just extra about everything.
Don't waste the Everclear!  What are you going to drink during quarantine?
I stocked up on some 190 proof everclear when I crossed the SC border. It makes someone decent camp stove fuel plus can be used as a mixer if you're desperate.
Way more expensive by ounce, though.
That is only 75%, most recipes suggest 30% with additives (gel, aloe, ect).     Just stick to 100% Everclear (at 151).
I have a bottle (190 proof) that I got in Va a few years ago. Should I put it on Craigslist? /s
People know there's masks at hardware stores. They are out of stock most likely.
Not high enough alcohol content to be a good substitute. Need 60% minimum for effective use as a sanitizer.
Wipe your phones down the moment you enter your house. Such an important thing.
You also need to not touch ur face to get that 45%
First thing you do before you eat or when you get home. Especially when you get home.
30 seconds is also longer than most people think. Sing "Happy Birthday" twice.
I mean, if you're doing a shit job washing your hands I'm just gonna assume you're shit at using hand sanitizer too. When done properly, washing hands is better than hand sanitizer without question.
If anything now is the type to learn to properly hand wash.
Problem solved.
autoclave pussy
Thanks for the recommendations. I’ve heard that World War Z Novel was different and much better than the movie.
You're insane.
Forget pandemic. This is likely (multiple experts predict, source below) to be **endemic** with 40-70% of the world population infected in a year or so. Basically like another variety of the flu.   There are cases in 60+ countries, we are long past the opportunity to contain it even if Americans would submit to the kind of quarantine the Chinese government has imposed. It’s not reasonable to criticize people for living their lives, including traveling, going to work or school, grocery shopping and so on if they aren’t sick. If the Feds thought they could contain the spread they could’ve closed the airports and more but they haven’t. <shrug>  https://amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/607000/  “Lipsitch predicts that within the coming year, some 40 to 70 percent of people around the world will be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19. But, he clarifies emphatically, this does not mean that all will have severe illnesses. “It’s likely that many will have mild disease, or may be asymptomatic,” he said. As with influenza, which is often life-threatening to people with chronic health conditions and of older age, most cases pass without medical care. (Overall, about 14 percent of people with influenza have no symptoms.)  Lipsitch is far from alone in his belief that this virus will continue to spread widely. The emerging consensus among epidemiologists is that the most likely outcome of this outbreak is a new seasonal disease—a fifth “endemic” coronavirus. With the other four, people are not known to develop long-lasting immunity. If this one follows suit, and if the disease continues to be as severe as it is now, “cold and flu season” could become “cold and flu and COVID-19 season.””
Cool story. I'll tell everyone that was in SF with me that lives here you think that. We'll have a support group or something. Punch and pie will be served.
The article you posted suggests 90% have a temperature during the course.    For testing of anything like this that is highly contagious would be calling the doctor ahead of time.  Telling them the symptoms you have and that you recently traveled.  Tell them you want to be tested and ask how to go about it.  Don’t just show up as you’ll infect everyone at the office possibly.  They’ll likely have you wear a mask and put you directly into a room.    Based on what you are saying it sounds like you have influenza.  The key is that you had chills.  The amount of influenza this year is pretty high.
I already burned him and his cat.
Why would I be kidding myself for thinking logically rather than emotionally? They locked down a city because a completely new and unresearched virus is believed to have been narrowed down to exotic animals being sold in a small shop within the city. It made sense to try and quarantine the virus of unknown infection and mortality rates at the time and still does now while the virus is being researched.  Even nearly 2.5 months later we don’t have a clear understanding, but numerous epidemiologists have stated within the past month that they believe the number of unreported mild cases is very high. Meaning the mortality rate is likely less than what is currently reported.  Coronavirus shouldn’t be taken lightly and precautions should be taken while further research is being conducted. But people shouldn’t be panicking either.
My own piss through a Lifestraw obviously.
Yeah definitely. It'll work in a pinch though and the state isn't going raise prices for a panic.
Then moonshine.
Great idea!
Yeah but with hand sanitizer you just need to coat your hands, with hand washing you need to scrub the skin all around your hands. So it's easier to do a decent job with hand sanitizer than washing if you have bad technique  I agree about hand washing when done properly, but I think less than 10% of people actually wash their hands properly.
for sure, biggest difference being that it is a diary (of sorts) collected from various viewpoints (in other words, all the crazy shit doesn't happen just to Brad Pitt).
As a dog person, I approve.
It is currently reported at 3.4%.  It could be - and likely is - much lower than that because of the factors that you mentioned, and still much more lethal than the flu.   .7% would overwhelm hospitals if it becomes widespread in the community.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2233  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
Again, the virus is still largely under researched. The CDC and WHO do not have a clear understanding on the presence of asymptomatic infections, re-infections, and the distribution of mild to severe cases across various demographics and geographies.   They're reporting based on what data they have available now which could completely change after the epidemic is over and more data is available. Making sweeping statements such as "still much more lethal than the flu" at this point in time is unfounded.  Like I said in my last post; the virus needs to be taken seriously and proper precautions should be taken. But inducing panic into the population is not what should be done right now.
lol it's actually an amazing invention. You can drink right out of streams or any body of water and it's completely safe. I think it will work for like 300 gallons or something.
This article from the Institute for Disease Modeling suggests that the mortality rate is .94%, and states that COVID19 has the potential to be as serious as the 1918 flu.  People shouldn't panic, but should absolutely think of ways that they can begin the process of social distancing.   https://institutefordiseasemodeling.github.io/nCoV-public/analyses/first_adjusted_mortality_estimates_and_risk_assessment/2019-nCoV-preliminary_age_and_time_adjusted_mortality_rates_and_pandemic_risk_assessment.html
FYI, it doesn't filter pesticides, viruses, or heavy metals.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6240  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
Nah, that case would be to avoid parasites and bacteria.  Viruses are considerably smaller

Coronavirus confirmed in Wake County

*Faaaaaaaaaantastic.*
Wash your hands & stay away from work or school if you are sick.

We get it, there’s a case of coronavirus in NC. No one cares

Lol, really? You don't care that it's a case in wake county?
Pussies hiding behind a keyboard
OP wants to seem edgy and cool
Dude begging from company on subreddits acting like this? Lulz
Hope you're a 1 percenter!
Tough guy act huh.
OP had to hide in alt identity.

CORONAVIRUS


With news of the Coronavirus case in NC, I feel now is even more reason that if you haven’t voted yet, please make it to the polls today! You have until 7:30pm!


Coronavirus nearby???

Check the stickied post on this sub.
Well the likelihood is that there is thousands of people who already have the corona virus, countries like Italy and South Korea look like they have a lot of infected, by the fact is that they are testing hundreds of thousands of people and we are not. It depends a lot on your age for how much risk you are at, there are few to almost no cases in people under 18 except for the very young, the majority of the infected are over 40 with the elderly being at highest risk here. I wouldn’t worry too much as there is likely hundreds of thousands of people infected all over the world, with a somewhat low death toll.
Lung conditions could increase the risk of it, but there isn’t a whole lot of proof showing weather it really increases the risk or not. There is proof that has shown that having any abnormal health condition at all would make it more likely, but there is not a lot of proof to show that respiratory related conditions make it any more likely than having diabetes or a cardiovascular condition.

Chatham County man tests positive for coronavirus after visiting Italy, is second confirmed case in North Carolina

He could have infected a lot of people on that plane, airport, etc.
Had Flu like symptoms in Italy, but decided he was ok enough to come home anyway.   What a guy!
So this dude flew from Italy with symptoms, went through Atlanta/Newark/some other international customs airport, got on another plane, and got all the way back here before he went and isolated himself?   Nice.
According to a coworker, this person infected in Italy is a regular at some bottle shop/ drinking establishment in pittsboro, including since they returned in the past week. If that location rings a bell, monitor yourself closely.
God damnit. I have travel planned across Italy in 7 weeks...
Why are we still allowing flights to/from Italy or any other country with a widespread outbreak? Have they given up on containment at this point?
Anyone know when the man flew from JFK to RDU? I was on that flight on March 1, trying to figure out my risk...
It’s not that big of a deal. He’ll be fine. The panic over this is ridiculous.
He did. The GA cases are linked to him already.
> and got all the way back here before he went and isolated himself?  "oh gee, i'm not feeling too good, and I'm in northern Italy where there have been tons of outbreaks already. I better just get home quick with minimal human interaction and isolate myself, it's the responsible thing to do"
So House of Hops or 580 Craft Beer?
Does this person have children?
Thanks to him, we'll be like Italy in 7 weeks anyway.
I'd start looking into refund/rebooking policies if I were you.  Then post what you find on here, cause I booked a shitload if domestic travel a while back for March and April.
I read a tweet from a journalist flying back from Italy into JFK, customs never asked her where she'd been, or if she had symptoms, or anything. They really dont give a fuck it seems.
Damn
Wow. What a piece of shit lol
Oh of course.
Yeah, and hopefully even thought, hey, a mask might help protect those around me.   My point was this dude had to take all these matters into his own hands. Despite passing through numerous control points, he still had to be the one to speak up and say, "Hey, this might be a problem."
Not going to give more details on either party due to reddit's doxing boner. Point is that parties familiar with the bottle shop (never been myself) should be aware.
I mean each airline has the info readily available. I am thru AA and they are not covering refunds on my flight dates yet.
I can confirm it. My mom flew into JFK yesterday*, likely on the same flight. No checks. Italy checked them going OUT but nothing coming IN
If all ~80,000 cases in China happened at the same time, .0006% of their population was infected (in reality it was less than that, as the cases were spread out) and we shut air travel from there.
No, he was only contacted by authorities after the GA case was linked to him (that was the last info I saw, anyway). He never bothered to report himself
Good luck finding a mask.

FYI: tests for coronavirus have now become available to many primary care practices. Please do not panic when the number of confirmed cases skyrockets next week

Cases are going to go up and the death rate is going to drop significantly as well.
How much will it cost and will insurance cover the test?
Are the nasal swabs like the rapid flu tests when it comes to testing?
So we just got a memo that says we can’t just willy nilly fire off testing that a PUI has to be approved by control prior to labs being sent to the state lab  Also says to collect nasopharyngeal, OP, and sputum.  Where are you seeing labcorp?  Short snipit below  ———  Testing  ▪ NCSLPH has completed verification of the CDC 2019-nCoV real-time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel which has been granted Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) from the FDA. o FDA EUA Fact Sheet for Healthcare Providers  ▪ Health care providers in consultation with the state Communicable Disease Branch (919-733-3419, available 24/7) or local public health department will conduct a risk assessment to determine if individuals meet the NC criteria for diagnostic testing to detect COVID-19. When the criteria are met, a NC Patient Under Investigation (PUI) number is assigned, documenting approval for testing.  **▪ Prior approval from the Communicable Disease Branch is required for submission of specimens. Specimen Collection**  ▪ Specimens should be collected as soon as possible once a PUI is identified, regardless of the time of symptom onset.  ▪ Health care providers or public health personnel collecting specimens should wear recommended PPE as described in the What Healthcare Personnel Should Know about Caring for Patients with Confirmed or Possible COVID-19 Infection  **• For initial diagnostic testing to detect COVID-19, NC recommends collecting and testing upper respiratory (nasopharyngeal AND oropharyngeal swabs), and lower respiratory (sputum, if possible) for those patients with productive coughs. Induction of sputum is not recommended. o Nasopharyngeal AND oropharyngeal swabs (NP/OP swabs)**  ▪ Use only synthetic fiber swabs with plastic or metal shafts. Do not use calcium alginate swabs or swabs with wooden shafts, as they may contain substances that inactivate some viruses and inhibit PCR testing. Place swabs immediately into sterile tubes containing 2-3 ml of viral transport media. NP and OP swabs should be placed and kept in separate vials.  ▪ Nasopharyngeal swab: Insert a swab into the nostril parallel to the palate until resistance is encountered. Leave the swab in place for a few seconds to absorb secretions.  ▪ Oropharyngeal swab (e.g., throat swab): Swab the posterior pharynx and tonsillar areas, avoiding the tongue, teeth, and gums. o Sputum if possible when a productive cough is present. Sputum should not be induced.  ▪ Have the patient rinse the mouth with water and then expectorate deep cough sputum directly into a sterile, leak-proof, screw-cap sputum collection cup or sterile dry container.
How am I supposed to know if i came in contact with someone from an affected country?
Because NC has not expanded Medicaid, people like me who get sick - no matter how sick, no matter if it is severe flu or Covid19 - can't even think about going to a doctor. The time to think about how this might impact the spread or containment  (let alone the identification) of people with the new virus should have been thought about before a crisis like the one we're in now.
Yep hear about this in the radio yesterday. Both lab Corp and quest.
The people working the labs are going to be really busy, hopefully they are compensated well!
There are 7 people in Raleigh with the virus. We are going to see this number increase very soon.
Is this nationwide, regional, local, or what?  Meaning, are PCPs across the nation now getting testing kits?  I’ve had the flu since last weekend and my local PCP said to go to the health dept, which I didn’t go out of my way to do. I got my flu shot, too. First time getting the flu. It sucked.   This question is mainly for stock market trading. I’m going to short the market considerably if our 280 current cases will jump to 3,000+ a week from now. That will cause even more panic.
Pence announced yesterday that covid-19 tests were just added to free medicare coverage. He also said Congress is a working to add the test as essential cover under the ACA
If you exhibit Covid-19 symptoms and have traveled or been in direct contact with someone who has traveled to the affected areas, call the NC Health Dept at 919-733-3419.  They will help you at no cost, whether you are insured, uninsured, or a non-US citizen - especially in this instance - as they have always done to control similar disease outbreaks (TB, HIV, etc.)  Source: I’m a medical social worker
Lab Corp always screws up my billing. Always. So once they get done it will probably end up being triple the original fee due to late fees 😆
PUI?
What are the NC criteria for diagnostic testing
We were discussing that the other day. One way to do contact tracing would be through electronic transactions. There is a name associated with each one.   Another would be by publicizing a person’s movements. For some reason, NC hasn’t been willing to do that. I think that it could be accomplished while maintaining patient privacy.   However, the low supply of tests means health departments, hospitals, and PCPs need to be judicious about testing. Testing everyone who shopped at the same grocery just isn’t feasible at the moment.
Do you have a source for this? The lastest I'm seeing is two cases, one in Wake and one in Chatham. N&O removed their paywall though, so anyone without a subscription can get local updates.
Did you miss the huge drop in the market last week?
Even if it drops in half it is still over 12x more lethal than the flu.
That's only for people with ACA coverage. If you have health insurance through your employer, it doesn't apply.
Thanks, just curious. Not much info from BCBS agent at present. Hopefully just a co-pay.
Person Under Investigation
Essentially rule out everything else. If we can’t explain it then run it
Hospital system so it’s all internal, which may be the reason. Once I started digging some more I started seeing the commercial lab side. I’ll run it up the chain when I’m in tomorrow. I wouldn’t see why we couldn’t outsource vs only using state lab
It's just impossible if you go out to public places like stores, restautants, bars, etc.  I expect an exponential growth in cases once people start showing symptoms and test kits are  readily available
I bet they wish the US gov responded like Taiwan, Singapore, or South Korea, or Italy. Early testing and serious containment measures have been pretty scant in the US, especially in light of Chinese gov's complete 180 on the issue. Why do you think these countries were able to deploy effective testing and implement quarantines a few weeks before it was even part of the dialogue in the US? If other nations took these measures early on, why couldn't the US?  Last month, Hawaii was asking Japan for testing kits, as the ones they received from the CDC weren't reliable. Why hasn't our local healthcare system been gearing up for this since the first confirmed case on January 21st? Anecdotally, I'm worried because everyone I know in the medical professional locally says they haven't been receiving any type of training on how to protect themselves. After watching the clusterfrick in Wuhan, I'm hoping warm weather and our lighter population density will make a difference...but if people think this is something that only happens far-far-away, if they aren't taking this seriously, if the people that cook food, drive ubers and bag groceries can't afford to pay for a test or miss work when they're sick, then nothing is going to take people that catch this out of public their workspaces other than being too sick to physically be able to do their jobs.
So you are saying it isn't important to know who is infected so they can be quarantined and not spread it around?  That was my point. People with no ability to get any medical care can't be accounted for and they are out among others. I would think that would be a major concern for everyone.
He is just a political troll, ignore him
My roommate works for the military. They were briefed yesterday.
FEMA should be declaring a national emergency soon. It’s hard to stop a virus that is airborne and communicable by touch.
I watch it all day every day. I definitely didn’t miss it, but I don’t think the drop is over. The market was already overbought and is now back to reasonable levels. But not economic slowdown levels.   Friday had a record number of non-China cases at 3,700. It was 2,600 on Thurs. The US is at 346 confirmed and was at like 108 on Tues or Wed, and we’re barely testing.  This will go on for months.
No, that's not accurate whatsoever. WHO said it has a death rate of 3.4% versus 1% for the flu. Even that rate is being contested as being too high:  https://www.bmj.com/content/368/bmj.m606/rr-5  No need to spread panic.
No its for everyone, aca has a list is mandatory coverage that all private insurance must cover.  The Flu shot is one of these items, thats why they are free everywhere now.
Thanks for the info.
So does that mean if a person presents with an RI and is negative for influenza, they run this test? Are there other tests that would be checked as well, or would they jump straight to COVID-19?
There is (always) free access to the health department for care, regardless if you are insured or uninsured, or even a non-US citizen. They will screen you by phone or you can go to the office on Sunnybrook Rd.   If you exhibit Covid-19 symptoms I’d encourage you to call 919-733-3419.  They will help you at no cost, especially in this instance, as they have always done to control similar disease outbreaks (TB, HIV, etc.)  Source: I’m a medical social worker
It is important. I have no earthly idea why you’re being downvoted.    I work in healthcare and you couldn’t be more correct. This is how a true true problem in this country is going to get started. There needs to be transparency, not “privacy” - New York State is being transparent about everything and it’s working for them. Why not here? It’s ridiculous. What are they trying to prove here? People need to be know where to be extra careful about - it makes me weep for all of us, especially those who are older or on certain medications that makes their immune system weakened or with lung disease. Transparency saves lives!
The fact that a massive number of americans can't afford to go to a doctor no matter how sick they get is a perfectly legitimate concern when we're discussing pandemic containment.
The flu isn't 1% it is .1% making the coronavirus 30 times more deadly so far.
Kaiser Health says Influenza’s mortality rate is .1% (not 1% as you wrote) COVID-19’s mortality worldwide is around 3.4%   Cut 3.4 in half and that is 1.7% which is actual 16x more lethal than .1% - a 1600% increase  14.9 people per 100,000 die from the FLU in the United States  Because: math  Just that facts, wash your hands at least 5 times a day. Keep good hygiene.  Edit: it’s actually .01% for the Flu. An even bigger disparity.
You are both kinda right   You can have an employer health plan but it might not be ACA compliant (AKA a really cheap plan)   I would imagine most employer health plans are ACA compliant.   Source: I choose the health plan for my company. We have good plans.
this is hilarious after the years the trump admin complaining about obamacare   I'm glad they are because it's definitely better that they do, but you have to take a moment to appreciate the hypocrisy
Your statement is not correct. EHBs apply only to a limited number of insurance plans ― those ACA-compliant plans purchased by individuals and small employers, which are defined as businesses with fewer than 50 employees.     The requirements don’t apply to many workplace plans (including those provided by large businesses and self-insured plans), even though most Americans ― about 157 million ― who have health insurance get it through their job.   Regarding the coronavirus tests, both NY & CA have ordered all health insurers to cover the cost of the tests but other states have not (as of Friday evening).   The ACA rules also don't apply to many short term policies and since they have low coverage caps, some people with these types of plans may be financially responsible for the cost of testing.
If there is any suspicion of covid19 they should be in touch with the health department and by extension the CDC. They should be helping to guide the decision to run the test. There is minimal understanding of co infection. So it’s still very much case by case    All that being said the memo I got from NCDHHS is dated the 2nd and with how it’s all developing it could be out of date and they may have changed the process. Going to touch base when I go in tomorrow.
Thank you for this.
You are right in regards to the flu, I got my numbers from USA Today and they posted the wrong information. Apologies.  Still, those numbers are likely inflated.  I have found the best way to look at the impact of this virus without hyperbole is to go here:  https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19
No prob! There is a lot being done by the health dept as they are also engaging health systems (Duke, UNC, etc.) across the state (including PCPs as noted by OP) to vigorously prepare. I agree they are not doing enough publicizing to override the media hype, but I think we can expect more press releases in the coming week as plans go live.
Yeah, this site is great. It’s also confirming a 3.4% fatality rate
As a homeless person who spends a lot of time in public places - I can tell you that all the reports on the news, all the information from health professionals about how to stay healthy and not spread this thing - they might as well not be happening. In the last 24 hours, I have seen around-the-clock constant examples of how people are going to have ZERO chance of catching this thing without major major societal changes. The hotel breakfast buffet where I stole a piece of bread this morning - it was like a zoo - a free-for-all with hundreds of coughing, sneezing little kids, and adults all handling the exact same serving utensils, coffee dispenser handles, etc....nobody covers their mouth or face when they sneeze or cough - everybody just keeps on going without washing their hands. The same at the book store - I am surrounded all day long by people who just seem totally oblivious to the virus and the crisis. Maybe nobody but me watches the news. Anyway - we don't have a chance. If this virus doesn't kill us all, it is just a matter of time before one does.
Damn. I’m really sorry to hear the situation you’re in. I agree, containment is a very temporary solution at best until we have more testing capacity. I know you’ve probably heard of all the places that help homeless folks in Raleigh already, but getting connected to a Case Manager at Raleigh Rescue Mission or the Wilmington St Shelter will better your chances that they’ll put you up for quarantine when the time comes. I do believe they are doing similar for homeless individuals in Washington state and it’s only a matter of time they do the same here. Stay strong.

Coronavirus case confirmed in foreign exchange student at Holly Springs High School


Enjoying a delicious coronavirus free dinner at soca (Curried Cauliflower, Pork Cheeks, and Jamaican Lamb Patties!)

Cleanest restaurant in Raleigh
Good on you for going there. If I lived closer I'd give them my money as well. Seems like they did the right thing for something that was 0% their fault to begin with.  It's probably the cleanest restaurant in Raleigh right now.
Pleeeeease offer a drink special on...you know....
Hope this doesnt age like milk.
My wife and I went there tonight too. They still had a pretty decent crowd, I thought. I noticed that our food server had gloves on. The food was delicious as always!
RemindMe! 2 weeks For when you get sick! =P jk glad you enjoyed yourself.
I don't get the coronavirus joke...
Is this an advertisement?
Damn that looks good af
"Our specials this evening include: Seared scallops w/ a Lemon Lysol foam, Aregentenian chili made from 100% South American imported, non-diseaded pigs w/ listerine pickled red onions, & bacitracin créme, a wonderfully decadent dessert of triple-antibiotic marinated sponge cakes a la CDC, and our special cocktail is a wonderful bourbon & bleach old-fashioned w/ housemade ammonia bitters."
Thank you for this post
Awesome place!
I haven't been yet. I'll go tomorrow, is they're open on Sundays. Gotta support our great local restaurants.   Your dishes look delicious.
How'd this post age for you?
I saw on the news this morning some pork sponsor organization was covering the tab for one of the pork chop entree’s . Looked like a great deal.
Owner spotted.
Not going unless y’all are gonna start doing specials
Pass.
That's what you think, give it a few days.
/r/HailCorporate   what's the play here? "I'm fine I can't possibly contract a disease."
Lol ok
They really should. Why not? LOL!
Follow @outaboutnc on insta. If you share [this post](https://imgur.com/gallery/jTnxInT)   at SoCa this weekend you get 10% off.  ETA- no affiliation, just saw in my feed
Great idea!
Oh my god hahahahahahaha
HA! We will see :)
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [**2020-03-21 05:13:09 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-03-21%2005:13:09%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/femeqr/enjoying_a_delicious_coronavirus_free_dinner_at/fjpq72w/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fraleigh%2Fcomments%2Ffemeqr%2Fenjoying_a_delicious_coronavirus_free_dinner_at%2Ffjpq72w%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-03-21%2005%3A13%3A09%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20femeqr)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
The infected person in wake county ate there
haha no, I don't work for soca or anything. They said that practically nobody ate there last night so hoping to give them some good press since they've had some bad recently (through no fault of their own). It's one of my favorite restaurants in Raleigh.
I know you got down voted but I thought this was clever.
Still symptom free - unless I’ve just been spreading it asymptomatically......
that's not very... baller of you 🕶
Half price on every bottle of wine every Tuesday baller
It might be a community standing behind an amazing restaurant that just so happened, by no fault of their own, had circumstantial bad press.
No, it’s more like “as reasonable members of the community, we don’t want to see a business close just because people are hysterical morons whipped into a frenzy by the media.”
Wellllll!? Did you die?!?!?!  Obviously joking hope all is well got plenty of toilet paper to build a fort out of? Hand sanitizer to drink?
It’s been 15 hours people and no response! Obviously don’t go out and eat! Shelter in place and eat the babies first! They can’t fight back and everyone loves baby back ribs! Or is that only when at Chili’s?
ohhh, thanks for the explanation.
I work downtown. The amount of pearl clutching when this news broke was astounding.
And as a response, the restaurant got professionally cleaned top to bottom. You could probably eat on the floor there and it'll be cleaner than plates of other restaurants, at least for the first day or two.
Looks good! I hope their employees stay safe. I appreciate them doing the right thing and notifying the public (when the health dept doesn’t seem as willing to) even though it will temporarily hurt their business.
Good for you! I saw they had only 13 people eat there the other night on their official instagram :/
You are thinking of last centuries ballers.   The modern baller coupons
LMAO, I'm self-quarantined at home......................  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  Due to allergies.
I’m not worried about that, I’m more worried that the staff is infected yet not symptomatic yet and could pass the virus to me while waiting on me. I’m going to wait a good two weeks before eating there.
The owner cleaned the space the guy ate in himself so his staff wouldn't be exposed, then hired a hazmat crew to do a scorched Earth clean as a follow-up. He handled it really well.
I heard the dish guy is quarantined
I’ve eaten there a couple times, I don’t think I have pedestrian taste in food, and I think they’re a decent restaurant
BuKu was the BEST.
Taste in food is subjective, but compared to the majority of other restaurants in Raleigh I think both restaurants are fuckin great.
Sorry you’re a disgruntled ex employee.
I know that pain. I’m awestruck at the amount of pollen every year. I’m from a small rural area in Mississippi where there is more nature than people and never saw anything like this in 30 years of living there. It’s like snow effing poisonous snow. I went from being mostly okay with very mild issues to nearly dying every year since moving here.  I don’t understand how or why there’s so much.
Not trying to be a dick, I'm genuinely curious here. Did the hazmat team arrive the moment infected dude left? Did none of the dishes get sent to the kitchen? What about plates from the appetizers, soups, salads, didn't they get collected and taken back to the kitchen during service?
Woah. I heard that too. Is it true? Likes two days ago.
I miss BuKu sooo much
Easily the best brunch in Raleigh
According to the restaurant owner, every single plate, silverware, table, door handle, etc in the restaurant was bleached, rinsed, and sanitized.  And the day after a professional cleaner came through with industrial germicide.
There was a window where nobody knew, it was unavoidable. So.ca was contacted by HHS.
Preach!
That's good to hear. I was under the impression they only sanitized that one room, glad I'm wrong!
I know places have their own way of cleaning but if I knew a restaurant did this once every few months just for the hell of it I'd give them my business more. Still keep the normal routine but just like one day deep clean that whole place.

I know everyone is worried about coronavirus, but I'm pretty sure someone just got raptured in the Blount St parking deck...

guaranteed poopy pants
Shoes. It doesn’t count if they didn’t leave the shoes. Unless they were Yeezy’s. Even Jesus wants those.
Seems normal to me...for the Blount street parking deck.
I think you mean craptured.
First the coronavirus plague, then wine was literally flowing out of the tap in Italy, now this. What the fuck is going on. I’m tired of Jesus’ mind games.
Holy SHIT
I had to do a similar thing today after RUNNING from my car to inside my house, and it was pretty much the opposite of the rapture. More like the opening of Paradise Lost.
Don’t get captured.
🤣
It’s hard to fit down that storm drain with your clothes on.
Wait, when is the next second coming anyway?  I thought it was still a few years away.
🤣🤣🤣
yeah but now they’re FREE poopy pants to the optimists.
I’m just so curious why no shoes!
100
no shoes mean they still alive, if they fly off, they dead!

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, there is some confusion and misinformation about what is happening in North Carolina.Here are the facts as of March 9, 1:30 p.m.:**Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina**Wake County - Individual traveled from State of Washington, where they were exposed at a long-term care facility. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.Chatham County - Individual traveled to Italy and also had contact with someone who was confirmed positive in Georgia. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.In addition, an individual in Spartanburg, SC, who has tested positive recently returned from Italy through Charlotte's airport. There are currently NO reported cases in Mecklenburg.**Current Testing Roadblocks**NC has begun testing cases at the NC State Laboratory of Public Health, which allows for faster results (24-hour turnaround time).However, NC has not received the number of kits we had hoped to receive from the CDC. Two factors are making this a more critical situation.  * First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  * Second, the case in Chatham County will likely result in a need for more tests.The laboratory supplies we have on-hand from the CDC are only adequate to test approximately 150 individuals. Additional supplies en route to NC, however those incoming shipments will only allow us to test an additional 500 people, far below what is needed under the new CDC guidance. In addition, a small portion of our supplies will be earmarked to perform confirmatory testing for our state’s clinical laboratory partners – per federal requirements – while they implement their own testing for COVID-19.Our NC DHHS sent a letter to Secretary Azar explaining the situation and critical need for more test kits. They have been in contact with our federal delegation and have had communication with the White House.**Testing Outlook**Our NC DHHS signed an agreement with UNC on Wednesday and Duke on Thursday so they can begin testing\*.\* UNC will be able to start testing early this week. We are still waiting on confirmation for the Duke timeline. However, the shortage of testing kits from the CDC will also hamper their ability to test the number of people we should be testing based on the new CDC guidance.In addition, LabCorps will begin testing in the next couple of weeks. They have a 3-4 day turnaround time at this point. They will be using their own test so they won't be limited by the CDC supply issues. LabCorps will eventually help some of the volume, but it will take time to ramp up. Also, that turnaround time is a challenge because the folks that LabCorps test will need to stay quarantined 3-4x longer than the ones we test (assuming they're negative - positives will have the same isolation period). **State Preparation & Constituent Resources**Last month, Governor Roy Cooper established the COVID-19 Task Force to support the state’s ongoing effort to monitor, prepare for and respond to COVID-19.He also ordered the creation of the COVID-19 Helpline toll free at 1-866-462-3821. To ask questions online NC citizens should visit [www.ncpoisoncontrol.org](http://www.ncpoisoncontrol.org/) and select “chat.”**Requests for the Public**If and when community transmission accelerates, then slowing the rate of infection will be key to making sure our hospitals are not overwhelmed. Follow these recommendations not just to protect yourself and your family, but to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure that our hospitals don't get hit all at once:* Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.* Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.* Avoid exposure to others who are sick.* Stay home when you are ill.I will keep you posted as we learn more.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for the thorough and detailed update!
 [https://www.wral.com/five-biogen-workers-in-rtp-test-positive-for-coronavirus/19002083/](https://www.wral.com/five-biogen-workers-in-rtp-test-positive-for-coronavirus/19002083/)   Breaking news Senator. Looks like WRAL got the scoop on you.
Any information on this case? Why has she not been tested? Her kids and family should be in self-quarantine along with her!  [https://www.wral.com/nc-needs-more-coronavirus-test-kits-officials-say/18997232/](https://www.wral.com/nc-needs-more-coronavirus-test-kits-officials-say/18997232/)  >One Wake County woman told WRAL News on Friday that she believes she was exposed to coronavirus a business trip to Germany and Switzerland but hasn't been tested.   >   >After returning home, she said, she started feeling sick, and she knew that people she was in contact with on her trip had been confirmed to have coronavirus.   >   >"I alerted the \[Wake County\] health department I had a minor cold," she said. "A nurse just took my information, and she confided, 'I don’t know what to do with your case. We will give you a call back.'"   >   >When nearly a full day passed without a callback, she contacted WRAL. Shortly after a reporter called county officials about the case, the woman got a call from the nurse again.   >   >She is now under a two-week self-quarantine and will receive calls from the health department daily to check up on her.   >   >County spokeswoman Dara Demi said in an email that health officials called the woman as promised and asked her to limit exposure to other people. The county's Public Health Division has been swamped with calls from the public about coronavirus in recent days, Demi said.   >   >"We have a standardized process in place to triage these calls. We will respond in a timely manner, based on the nature of the inquiry," she said.   >   >**The woman said she was worried about the slow response because she has four children who attend Wake County public schools.**
What’s going on with the Biogen thing in RTP? I heard there was a person with a confirmed case of CoVID-19 that was in the area (flew in through RDU) and then worked in the Biogen office from March 1 through the 6th and then drove home afterward, showing symptoms. Unsure if showing symptoms during office visit, but they then drove back to Indiana, so says WRAL. We’re they aware of the positive diagnosis at the time of the visit, at any point? What do you all think is the level of risk we have going on from this.?  Biogen in Boston had over 30 confirmed cases after a person with the disease attended their offices. Is this were it starts blowing up, or is it as big a risk as it sounds on paper?   https://www.wral.com/person-with-coronavirus-was-at-rtp-office-second-person-traveled-through-charlotte-airport/19002083/
Good to know!
Thank you, Senator- best wishes!
 [https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6](https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)
What measures could we see to contain it when/if this virus starts to spread widely?
[https://infection2020.com/](https://infection2020.com/)
https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1yCPR-ukAgE55sROnmBUFmtLN6riVLTu3&ll=25.523408454675817%2C8.94770757679521&z=2
According to [this 4 day old article](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/06/health/testing-coronavirus.html) supposedly 700k+ kits have been shipped.  How does NC only have the capacity to test <500 people? Where did those test kits go?
.  r/coronanc
Yikes
A cold and the flu are two very different things. The nurse is probably dealing with wave after wave of paranoid people.  I had the flu last week for the first time ever and I can assure you it’s nothing like a minor cold.
As a high school student in wake county, I need to know which schools her children are going to...
"The state said this [Biogen] is currently the only known location for potentially high-risk exposure." ---and this is where I work :(
That's based on a quote from the current administration so I'm going to go out on a limb and say that number is bullshit
this is a serious outbreak and we should be concerned.
All the best. Can you work from home?
Nope...so I'll just start snorting emergen-c now lol
I just read that Biogen has directed all employees at the RTP location to work from home. ..and there are five more cases with Biogen employees as of today that are connected to the Boston meeting that spawned all of those cases. I don’t think you’ll be able to get in.
I'm considered "essential personnel" so unfortunately even this state of emergency has not affected my schedule...

Raleigh officials consider canceling Dreamville over Coronavirus concerns

Man Dreamville just cant catch a break
Should it even be a question? All other large festivals are being cancelled too.
It's going to be 18 months or so before there's a vaccine for this.   Are we really going to be cancelling every large event for the next year and a half?   If we do that, is it really going to have much of an effect on the number of people who catch the disease?
What else has happened with it?
Okeechobee just happened last weekend and all was well there far as I know.    But yeah I can understand the rationale behind cancelling stuff.  Everything has been trivial so far, but a handful of people could blow it up.
The point of doing these things is not to make less people catch the virus, but to spread it out over a long period of time so the hospitals don't get overwhelmed
Probably referring to it having to be rescheduled the first year due to a hurricane.
Yea was talking about the hurricane last year.
can't tell if all was well. Could be that one of the Biogen  conference attendees were there or there was someone else that was infected?
So honest Question, why would people be going to the hospital if there is no cure for it other than being diagnosed/being told to go home and quarantine?
Probably because severe cases have led to lung failures and the ventilators are one of the only things keeping people alive in other hospitals right now.
They need oxygen so they don't die, or need to be checked into the icu and intubated because their lungs stop functioning. Basically it gives them support and hopefully enough time necessary for the body to kill the virus.
Ah ok, thanks - was not thinking of that! Only because I hear so many opinions from people on the daily who are not even in the medical field ...ridiculous

Five Biogen workers in RTP test positive for coronavirus


Five Biogen workers in RTP test positive for coronavirus

Cool, cool.... time to go buy that toilet paper and lock myself in my home for an indefinite period of time.
Amazing that if you test more than 500 people (thats about how many were tested in the us by about feb 28th) the numbers of people who are infected skyrockets.
This thing gets big enough, commuting on I-40 will be heavenly
Would be cool if the CDC allowed people who haven't traveled to a country with a Level 2 or 3 health notice to get tested. But alas, incompetence.
No one go to the food truck rally at The Frontier
Well that sucks but at least they can blame it on Boston.
*chants* Can-cel work! Can-cel work!
I used to work there damn
[so scary](https://i.imgur.com/PPqOdUS.jpg)
WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!!!!!!
Well....those numbers are from March 3rd.  Here are the numbers as of yesterday and yes, I do think the 3,692 tests per million vs 826 per million is the difference.   https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-testing-covid-19-tests-per-capita-chart-us-behind-2020-3
I will never understand why companies have yearly meetings in the dead of winter. One year my husband and I had friends over and one of the kids was sniffling a little. We think nothing of it and my husband goes up to D.C. area the next day for his companies yearly thing. All the sudden everyone is sick and he infected several of his coworkers. Other years have been iffy for traveling because of blizzards. It’s so annoying.
Oh shit! Burn the city
Y’all be safe now. And don’t go nuts. We already have enough nut jobs out there
holy shit I work in rtp. RIP
Yep NC got moved to the bigger dot on the map, whole east coast is now big dots, woot.  Gone by summer.  Nothing to see here
Schools gonna close?
I'm high risk so I've decided fuck it, time to work from home.
And the mortality rate plummets! Go figure!
THE TEST IS CAUSING DEATHS, DO NOT SUBMIT TO TESTING  Edit: thought I didn't need it, but, /s
That’s the silver lining I keep thinking about
It’s already happening. 20 minutes to get to Durham at 830. I’m into this.
This thing gets big enough you'll make it to heaven. ;)  &#x200B;  ^(Just kidding, there is no god/heaven/hell.)
So it goes in trumpistan.
You think it's incompetence that there aren't millions of test kits (just in the United States) that can be used for people to test if they have the virus or not?
You can never blame enough on Boston
i live right next to biogen in boston....
Does that mean cancelled pay? That would suck
Has that artist ever seen a light fixture?
You've got spirit, kid.
The only fact in the entire thread.
Well... yeah, eventually.
Saaaaaame. Syngenta just sent a text to everyone saying to stay at home if we've visited anyone from biogen
It'll be like a miracle.
Be safe! I just had to cancel on my family coming to see me run my first marathon because they live in Detroit and I don’t want to risk them flying, or coming to a state that obviously has more cases than are currently being reported. The guilt was be too much if they got something here.  Random gas stations have had isopropyl alcohol of at least 70% and Vitamin Shoppe has massive amounts of aloe and tea tree oil if anyone is trying to make the WHO homemade gel hand sanitizer.
No kidding! Hope all goes well.
Genuinely curious, what makes you high risk? Do you mean high risk of contracting the disease or high risk of complications?
There has been over 100,000 that have contracted it. Over 4,000 dead.  This is not just a US thing with 500.
I get this. But I still can't afford to be sick for two weeks. That's reason enough for me to worry
Not everywhere.
Give it time.  You don't drop dead the moment you get it.  But you're right, that's how percentages work.  Edit: You Trumpers can throw some downvotes when your safe spaces get wrecked.
It's incompetence that if you have symptoms you aren't being tested unless you traveled to a Level 2 or 3 health notice country. Top down failure.
Wicked true.
*Fuck the Bruins*
;]
What about if your kid shares a classroom with a kid of a Biogen employee?   And many partners of Biogen employees who work in other places? We are gonna be a hotspot in 2 weeks.
I like you
Sorry to hear your family cant make it! Good luck on your marathon!
Good luck on your Marathon! I’ll be there doing the half! FaceTime them while running so they can cheer you on virtually!
Thanks. Good ol' severe asthma got me livin the dream over here
High risk of complications due to asthma. Respirstory stuff likes to get gnarly fast for me.
My concern is that we don’t have accurate numbers when the majority of people who have had it... still have it. We are making up numbers based on actual dead and actual recovered which is helpful, of course... but still not accurate with the amount of cases still infected. The illness seems to last for quite awhile, too. The only other positive thing is that there are so many mild and asymptomatic cases so that would bring the rate back down, too.
What does your "Edit" even mean/imply?
Maybe if you're like 70+
Cause you'd actually have some working brain cells for once?  The unknown can be scary.
I would hate to live in a country run by simpletons...  Oh wait
yea.. but the symptoms are pretty much the same as most other virus infections we're likely to get this time of year.
That seems to be the dumb part about most quarantine 'policies'.   It's not much of a quarantine if your wife or SO can still go to work, and you send your kids to school. You are just keeping your CEO from getting infected.
I mean, Biogen is a huge company, and there are about 1400-1500 employees in RTP alone. I think less than 200 employees *worldwide* attended the conference in Boston? Not to mention the RTP campus of Biogen is well over 500000 sq ft. in multiple buildings so it stands to reason there are more Biogen employees not exposed than were exposed.  Unless the child is the child of someone who attended the Boston meeting or directly interacted with someone who attended I don’t think you should panic about your child’s classmate just yet.
Thank you! Tobacco Road is flat so hopefully I can speed through
Ouch; yeah, take care, buddy. Better to be safe than sorry; I keep telling myself we’ve survived West Nile, Zika, Anthrax, and the like, we’ll be fine this go round. But it also doesn’t hurt to monitor and be aware of what’s going on.   ✌🏻✌🏻
Have you tried to refill albuterol yet?  I did and had to fight for it.  I got three months on all my meds except the rescue inhaler.  If you have one, get a refill.
your think in US only this has already gone to 110,000 total with 4000 plus dead that is a good size group to say what percentage.
It means that the Trumpers are following his lead of burying this as much as they can so they don't hurt the precious stock market (too late!) and their egos of supporting a failed administration.  Otherwise we'd have proper testing and a real number instead of all this speculation.  It's been a fantastic failure on this administration and supporters are really sensitive about it.   Sad too.  The disease isn't Trump's fault and a proper response could have made him look really good.  I guess breaking up the pandemic response team to save money was a good indicator of what we should have expected from his leadership.
So what I'm hearing here is that it's cool if a bunch of elderly and immunocompromised people die because we can't be bothered to properly test and quarantine? I mean who cares they're already old?
The stats for 40-50 year olds are at .4% death rate.  What percentage of people need to die before you say that's enough?  Stop defending Trump.  This is a real issue that is shutting nations down.
So you're saying that since other ailments cause fever & coughing we shouldn't test.  Makes sense.  /s
Cool story, bro.
they just need to quite stalling and let everybody work from home
1400-1500 potentially interacted with one of the 5 people. People have meetings every day. Cross-functional teams were commercial, science, legal, marketing all get-together in a small meeting room.  I don't know who was at the conference from Biogen, but for our company, if the IP guy was infected then everyone is infected.   The chances of containment are pretty small. I just do not know if kids are asymptomatic carriers or not.
I will be out there cheering so maybe I can be a substitute family?
Good luck on Sunday! I’m running the half myself
I figure I got the swine flu and came out ok so hopefully I'll be alright this time!
I just put in for a refill, thanks for the tip! I've 3 months of my maintenance and a full set of meds for my nebulizer should I wind up needing it. Fingers crossed we all stay healthy
No, I’m not. Only 64k have recovered and 4000ish have died. So that number is 6% for the death rate. 114,000 total with only 64k recovered and 4000 dead... leaves a large percentage of “unknowns” right now.
You honestly sound like the equal-opposite of Rush Limbaugh.  Anything bad that can be retroactively blamed squarely on Trump, you will blame on Trump.  With, Rush Limbaugh anything good that can be retroactively attributed to Trump, he will attribute squarely to Trump.  And I mean that in the "you seem obsessed with fitting the square peg into the round hole, regardless of if it fits" kind of way.
Right? This is a disturbing mindset that seems to be circulating.
What you're hearing here is a conclusion you created. I only said you're at greater risk if you're older.
Lol....did the trumper get his feewings hurt?   Better run to your Fox News safe space little guy.  They'll tell you how to think like always.
I'm saying that that would be A LOT of tests and that it would make since to use other variables to reduce that number first.  Otherwise they would be incompetent and wasteful.
As a marathoner, this is so sweet of you! Please make them a giant sign that says, "I'm only here for the KraftCheeseWiz."
Just FYI, there are some threads over at /r/covid19 that link to papers showing gluticorticoids helping stop coronaviruses in their tracks.  So actually people with asthma might be relatively ok - if you're using an inhaler.  Also, PG has been shown to have significant antiseptic effects.
The rate of death is about 2-3 % not 6%    doctors have a good idea of likely hood of death with this sample size of people.  You don't need to have things actually happen to know that death rate.
Trump disassembled the Pandemic Response Team.  In your opinion who should I blame that on?  If you claim the wins you own the losses.  I clearly stated I would have given Trump credit for a solid response.
We've been subject to generational warfare and generational warfare stoking propaganda for years. Every person I know who is under 40 feels resentful of the old people at their jobs who got in much less qualified, do less work, and make twice their salaries, while they can't afford to have kids or buy houses.  Are you really surprised that young people are happy at the prospect of old people dying? This is the society they built for their kids.
You sound like a 5th grade bully. Pathetic. Ready for my downvotes.
Uncontrolled spread would be more incompetent and wasteful.  We should be making every effort to flatten the infection curve.   https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/03/suddenly-the-er-is-collapsing-a-doctors-stark-warning-from-italys-coronavirus-epicentre/
If you're a service industry employee, that's not your biggest problem. You're not going to work *at all* i.e. get tips, if this thing keeps going and no one goes out to eat.
Thanks! I'll check it out!
>Also, PG has been shown to have significant antiseptic effects.  So what you're saying is everyone should start vaping.
The death rate varies on populations, ages, etc. And... yes, you need to have things happen to know what’s going on. South Korea’s death rate is very low due to everyone being tested which means the death rate might actually be lower than 2-3% but that’s also because of the population of people who got it there and have recovers vs died so far. USAs rate is very high due to nobody being tested. Yes; the death rate is between 2-3% based on some populations and statistics. Right now based on those who have recovered and those who have died- the number looks like 6%. It doesn’t mean it will stay there- most people who have it will recover... AGAIN, testing is low so it’s likely not completely accurate. Where there is higher testing, there is a lower death rate. We need more time and testing to get a fully accurate picture. That was the whole point.
There is a breakdown in society, in general.   Some older people don’t see younger people’s plight but also- younger people don’t see older people, in general.   I am in my early 30s but I still can understand humanity is overall just brainwashed in most ways so I don’t hold resentment toward older people and I also don’t wish any ill on them. I also understand why younger people are resentful.  However, I think most younger people are not building any meaningful relationships with older people.  I used to be a staunch supporter of my generation but at this point- I’m not a supporter of anyone lol- we all have areas we can grow. If we are wishing death on anyone (or just don’t give a shit)- that’s a big red flag to me.   Grouping individual humans into one bunch by anything- race, gender, age, etc- its a problem. Even Democrats vs Republicans (I struggle with this one)  When I did a few marches in Florida, there were so many old people who were incredibly supportive of younger people. I worked for so many older people at many hospitality jobs (as a server) and so many old people are really great and they do get it. I’ve also worked with older people who were absolutely awful (really rich, member only clubs in FL) Also, working in real estate, I saw a good mix again.   If younger people literally do not care if their fellow humans die, that’s on them. They need to examine themselves and I think that they should spend more time with some older and elderly people.   The same goes for older people. When they do not literally care about their fellow humans welfare and quality of life- they need to examine themselves, too.  We’ve been separated by so much propaganda like you said.... by political party, race, age, income, etc.   I guess I shouldn’t be surprised but damn, I still am.
>old people at their jobs who got in much less qualified, do less work, and make twice their salaries  You mean, My direct boss, His boss, HR and everyone on the front wall of the office I'm in.  Slackest group of f@#kers I've ever seen in my life. Arrival time is 8am, I'm in at 7:35. They show up around 8:35 - 9:15, complain about how much work they have too perform when in reality all they do is respond to internal emails. Always aggressive when questions are ask. Take their sweet f#$king time whenever they have to do anything and 9 times out of 10 their work is incorrect the first time and has to be revised, can barely use adobe .pdf, the internet is a mystery, still using outlook 2013 as an email client. Oh and from the owner - "We dOn'T WaNT tO gEt hACkEd By ChInA So NO WoRK fRoM hOMe!"  Meanwhile, I maintain two company verticals, do all design and development for said verticals. Which includes pre/post press/html5 css3/laravel/email templates & maintain two social sites.  The most entitled group of a.holes I've ever seen. I've no sympathy for them as they have demonstrated time after time they have no sympathy for me. Bring on the virus!  &#x200B;  edit: spelling
It's not just old people that are threatened though. I'm 34, my friend's child has lung problems, COVID-19 could kill her.
I don't disagree with you, but our president\* sounds like that on the daily.
If someone shits on you and you snap back, are you the bully?
Ha!....nice comment bullying me back.  Proud of you.
Let's reset for a moment. Dude made a political joke, and you're over here lashing out calling him "cancer on society", "a victim incapable of an original thought", "stunted little brain", "how absolutely retarded you sound to everyone else". And that's between two of your comments. Compared to the comments you were replying to, is that not a huge red flag to yourself?
Oooohh...the trumper denied his fearless leader and called me a retard.  Pretend I'm a Mexican who hates guns and really lay into me.
Damn dude you must be a RIOT at parties. All he did was make a joke and you lose your mind? Is it worth getting all worked up about?
It is already too late to worry about that.
Not quite. People like Uber, and all of those gig economy services are still delivering goods to you, interacting with the public, the perfect way to deliver disease.
People like that never self reflect. They’re incapable of it
It's too late to worry about preventing spread, yes.  We should still be focused on delaying spread so hospitals do not become overwhelmed.  Still requires large scale testing.
Well that's a different segment and I was talking specifically about tipped employees but you're right that the "service industry" is a large umbrella with many different compensation structures.
They're the vampires of logic and emotion.
I think it is too late for that as well...   I also don't think that logistically that is a reasonable goal or an efficient (or realistic) use of resources.  Not to mention, that even if you wanted to test everyone, not everyone is going to agree with you and go along with it.
Well.  South Korea set up drive through testing and is testing thousands per day.  Italy is not.  Guess which country's numbers have leveled off and which ones medical system is currently inundated?
A few thousand a day doesn't sound like a big number... relatively speaking.  According to some [quick web searching](https://www.cnn.com/2020/03/02/asia/coronavirus-drive-through-south-korea-hnk-intl/index.html) it looks like they have tested only 0.2% of the population as of a week ago.  Do you think that is enough to explain the perceived differences between South Korea and Italy?  Perhaps you could explain why you view that to be the case?
Well...those numbers are from March 3rd.  See below for current numbers.  Yes, I think the 3,692 tests per million vs 826 per million is the difference.   https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-testing-covid-19-tests-per-capita-chart-us-behind-2020-3
They have also been testing 10k+ since 3/3  https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/covid-19-testing/
What difference do you think that would make?  The way I'm understanding it, all the examples involve an overwhelming majority of unknown.  Statistically speaking isn't it safe to assume then that that group would have a similar percentage of people that have the virus infection?  Both examples are 99% untested.
There is now 2+ months of data  The tests are not random.  They are occurring near hot spots. The only thing that has proven effective is social distancing. Young people not showing symptoms is worse because they are still carriers. You cannot effectively quarantine without knowing who is sick.   Testing would reveal where hot spots are and then cancel large events in those areas to mitigate spread.
Your expectations for your authority figures are unrealistic.  Even they did want to control the movement of every free individual across the whole of the world...  they cannot.  Take care of yourself both mentally and physically and you'll survive another flu season like you have until now.
You're the poster child for r/iamverysmart.  It's pretty great.
A guy that thinks you're hilarious.

North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper declares state of emergency over coronavirus

Is the state of emergency just to open up funds to help fight this? What benefit does the state have for declaring this?
They specifically encourage wake County employers to use teleworking to the maximum extent possible. Press your employer if you have the capability but they are not yet encouraging it.
https://abc11.com/5999534/  Trinity Academy of Raleigh closes after parent tests positive for coronavirus
This effects more than just government funding. For example hotels have to accept cancellations without penalty. I'm sure other industries are effected.
The person visiting from Indiana who caught coronavirus in Wake County - anyone know where this person visited? Was it at all related to BioGen, or is the virus really so widespread that it's infecting random visitors?
So what exactly does this mean? We all continue with our daily lives until enough people get infected/die then they’ll start shutting things down?
Are they gonna close wcpss?
Sheesh, and I recently bought concert tickets to see AJR at Redhat Ampitheater in May. At least the hotel room I booked can be cancelled.
Watching the live stream now on WRAL. At least they're taking steps.
How are the grocery stores/ gas stations holding up?
Way to go Governor Cooper!   Not like his POS lieutenant governor and challenger, Dan Forest, who's literally been on the take from a [billionaire convicted of bribery.](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/03/a-right-wing-billionaire-was-just-convicted-of-bribery-and-hes-dragging-republicans-down-with-him/)
Will flights out of/into RDU be affected, I wonder?
https://www.gotomeeting.com/work-remote/resources?utm_medium=social&utm_source=spredfast&utm_campaign=Thought%20leadership&utm_content=sf119029606&sf119029606=1
I thought coronavirus was just to hush hush the protests going on in china
it gives them the ability to quickly move funds around  with less restrictions. emergency plans are either on the ready or activated for various state agencies. its basically moving from the "lets see what happens" phase to "shits definitely going down, lets be fast to stop it"
Pretty much like how they do it in advance of a hurricane - it allows the state emergency services groups to get cranked up, opens up funding, and allows them to do things like prevent price gouging.
It opens funds and resources to help. It also helps news agencies get clicks.
That and it also allows them to crack down on price gouging
LogMeIn here in Raleigh is giving out free work from home kits for Healthcare, government, and non-profits.
HCL - yeah, they only make us come in to guarantee that no ones not constantly at their computers. At least it feels that way as there really isn't a reason to actually go to a physical location.
State employees were told to work from home to the maximum extent practicable starting tomorrow (Wednesday the 11th). As of this moment Divisions have not issued any guidance on this sort of vague directive.
But they reccomend that schools stay open becuase kids are low risk??? So the vulnerable adults should stay home and wait for thier kids to bring it home. This is idiotic  From the wake county email I got "First, it is important to note state officials have specifically recommended that schools NOT be closed. This recommendation reflects the current guidance that children are at low risk of serious illness."
I’m not sure if that’s true about hotels. I am booked in a room in Asheville this weekend and they definitely are not letting me cancel with no penalty. They are also not offering to refund prepaid food and beverage expenses to our group if the conference I’m supposed to attend cancels.
The news says it was related to BioGen. The person attended the BioGen conference, the same conference the other 5 confirmed positive BioGen employee's attended. The person then flew back and spent some time visiting people in Wake county before driving back to Indiana.
Not at this time
Why would they close schools at this point?  Not enough confirmed cases.
🙏🏻🙏🏻
Yeah, same issue here. Wonder if they will reschedule for another .. year?
Lidl had toilet paper, bread, milk, bacon.  It was a very normal Tuesday evening.
I just went to the store. They had everything. There weren't many people there. I was surprised at how not busy it was.
Fine so long as people dont panic buy 10x the supplies they need. If you are concerned buy a bit more each time and stock up over a few shopping trips.
Do you have a link to more info on this?
Ah HCL. I worked IT support for them for a few months and did maybe 10 hours of actual work.
Yeah. It’s still state government. Everything moves slowly and most employees have never had telework options. It’s going to take some time.
Most of those "vulnerable adults" work at actual jobs, many of which don't have paid leave of any kind, and can't just fuck off work because WCPSS decided to close before there is even a real threat.  The impact of closing schools over something that isn't even confirmed to be a huge threat here would be enormous.
I do give kudos to the Indiana individual though for driving back home instead of flying once they realized they were ill.
Hard to have confirmed cases when you aren’t testing people.
OMG! Schools should close before there are cases. It’s too little too late to wait until there are more cases.
You don’t want that. That means summer school. The horror.
Awesome. Nice to see people being levelheaded. I'm trying to calm my husband down.
Good. I'm not worried much, but NC gotta get that bread and milk
That's my thought as well. Hysteria will just foment more hysteria.   I'm not concerned but my husband is kinda freaking out. I let him go deal with doomsday prep shopping tonight...
Sorry I missed this.   https://www.gotomeeting.com/work-remote/resources?utm_medium=social&utm_source=spredfast&utm_campaign=Thought%20leadership&utm_content=sf119029606&sf119029606=1
My Department has a policy. Was recently reduced from two days a week to one but everything else is the same. You have to document your space. Be able to access things via VPN and be able to make calls. You user name suggest you might work for DOT...?
Not to mention the impact on working parents, some kids are food insecure and rely on those 1-2 meals a day they get at school. Among many other factors.
Im glad you assumed I dont work. I do actually work like everyone else.  "... over something that isn't even confirmed to be a huge threat here would be enormous." Famous last words and extremely naive
Maybe - but they should not have gone into the RTP office all week when they had symptoms.
Exactly.
Oh yea...
If they’re emergency days they get forgiven.
I know you were being sarcastic but I want that. I am a high risk individual with a compromised immune system. I dont need my child bringing it home. I dont want to die due to short sighted State officials
not sure its technically "prep" shopping if you wait till the emergency rather than just having it on hand....
I do not work for DOT but it was just a general comment about how some offices are going to have a harder time if they work with physical documents.
There are 6 confirmed cases.  COVID 19 is serious and I'm not saying it isn't but you don't seem to understand how much of an impact closing the schools indefinitely over this would actually have.
Don't you know? We just sit around all day playing Kahoot with the students. We're government funded babysitters.
The incubation period is said to be an average of five days without symptoms. People can still be contagious during that time period. I wouldn’t be surprised if they didn’t show any symptoms until they were here for a few days.   There are lots of dummies out there that have zero regard for other people, so they also could have just ignored the symptoms.
Only if the General Assembly passes a law saying so.
So how do you deal with the possibility of getting the flu? That could be deadly to you in your situation. Your kids have a higher probability of contracting the flu than COVID-19 at this point.
So choose to keep your kid home.
Well, whatever. He shopped, we're stocked up, no emergency yet. Call it what you will.
I think labs and field work will be impossible to get any work done without ‘coming in’. My office is about 75% digitized and can manage long spells from home offices.
If the virus is left to spread indefinitely, the outcome will be 100 times worse! Yes it’s inconvenient. All of Italy is practically shut down!  Extreme measures have to be taken to protect people.
So you think the impact of closing the schools for a month or 2 while they get this under control would be worse then hundreds/thousands in our area getting sick or dying?
The news article said the guy that drove to Indiana actually had symptoms on Sunday when he arrived in RTP and the following days as he went into the office.  That’s what peeved me - the fact that he specifically did have symptoms,  yet went to work all week anyway.
The flu is not a NEW virus.   COVID-19 is more contagious, more deadly (2%) and has no vaccine. If we let it spread freely, it will eventually infect everyone in Wake county, for example (say 1,000,000 people). At a death rate of 2% - that would be 20,000 deaths in Wake county alone.
The flu is less dangerous, and less contagious, and actually has antiviral treatments. This disease is new, more contagious, more deadly and currently has no treatments. The only reason the numbers are low now is because not enough people have been tested, and we are at the beginning of its spread. Don’t be fooled, it’s coming. Everyone stay safe!
not that easy. I already looked into it. I would have to withdraw my child and they loose all credits for this semester.
I agree totally, and I don’t know why you’re being down voted. It’s either close the schools now, and hopefully slow the spread, or close the schools later once the infection rate is 100 times what it is now and it’s a must. Either way it’s going to happen, and it would be better now.
Closing schools for a month or two over a virus that is not confirmed to be a serious, imminent threat would be an overreaction right now IMO.  Were we in Seattle's shoes I would feel differently.  You seem to only be thinking about your situation, but what about the single parent who works at Walmart and can't take a month off work just because WCPSS is being ridiculously over cautious?  And if they do take a month off work, suddenly every industry in the area grinds to a halt because not everyone is a fucking programmer who can telecommute.  Again: take your own kid out of school and self quarantine if you want that level of protection.
Is switching to all online classes an option? The schools don't want you to know that it's an available option so you might have to get very firm about it.
Well, then that is your choice.  100s of thousands of WCPSS parents don't have the option to stay home with their kids for a threat that is not even really here yet.  FFS Seattle is arguably the epicenter of this virus in the US and their schools are open (not saying it is a good choice)
Closing schools and working from home is the preventative measure so we don't get to where Seattle is, it's not something you do after the fact because it's too late at that point.  I agree that it would put a heavy strain on a lot of people, but if we're not willing to take those measures this thing will spread.
When kids aren't in school, they break into cars, vandalize stuff, get into fights, and generally cause trouble. Not all kids, but a decent and noticeable percentage.
I imagine wake county does that within a few Weeks anyway
And what most don’t realize is the impact this will have on healthcare workers. Think of all the nurses who would have to stay at home because their young kids can’t go to school. It would severely hamper the states health system. Nurses, nursing assistants, etc are the backbone of the system.
I am not here to debate things. We all have our own opinions and point of view. I was just stating mine, thats all.
Did you not read what I just said?  Most people whose kids are in WCPSS don't have the luxury of telecommuting.  Close down the schools and you close down the economy as people get fired.
The nurses could band together and pay a sitter or have trusted family members take turns. And besides, having kids spread this disease is going to overload the nurses even more, and possibly eventually lead to less PPE (because of a stretched healthcare system) and more dangerous conditions for the nurses. Overall, keeping their kids at home is the better option. Besides, most kids in school, statistically speaking, are old enough to stay home by themselves for a few hours. Desperate times, desperate measures.
The world doesn't care if you die. Sorry to tell you this. You should care and your son or daughter should care. If the price you have to pay to keep you alive is a semesters worth of credits, well that's a whole lot cheaper for you and our society than grinding the entire economic system of a city to a halt.   Many more will die if you do that. Your opinion is selfish and shortsighted.   Do what is right for you and your family. Pay the price to make it so. That's what freedom is my dude.
Just to be clear, it’s only 6 confirmed cases because there are strict guidelines on who can be tested for it. It’s likely far more people, and kids are also the most likely to display cold like symptoms. Italy went from 470 cases to 10,000 confirmed cases in two weeks.   Closing schools is a drastic measure, but when you talk about the economic effects of closing schools, you also need to consider the economic effects of a local outbreak. What if that single mother has to spend 4 weeks in intensive care? What if thousands of people flood the hospital system with bilateral pneumonia? What if 25% of those people don’t have health insurance? What if the entire state goes into quarantine for 3 weeks?  People are sick on average 5 days before they start to display symptoms. Remember how I mentioned that people aren’t getting tested? If you weren’t near an epicenter or around someone with the virus, they won’t test you. If this thing spreads in schools, we will get blindsided. By the time we realize it was transmitted, we won’t even know it unless those people are in a critical state.   Or maybe not. It’s a roll of the dice. But we need to at least consider taking proactive steps. I just think the reality is that this thing isn’t going away.
Over 500 school systems closed during the initial outbreak of H1N1 and close to 1000 closed when it ramped up the following fall, it didn't shut down the entire economy. The Raleigh area has the highest percentage of work from home employees in the nation.  The alternative is that we might have an outbreak, like what's already happened in multiple countries and regions of the US, and even more people will be unable to go to work. Seattle hasn't closed schools yet but they're considering it.  I'm not saying it's a great option or that it won't hurt people who are already struggling financially, but it will be much worse if the county waits until attendance drops by 40%.
Sorry, apparently this dude's caresif you die. Maybe start a go fund me and see  how far his compassion goes ? Private tutor would go a long way towards fixing the original problem..
Now thats the kind of sentiment I expect from poopoodoodoo. A real voice of  compassion. Let me know when he funds your private tutor.

Cooper declares state of emergency over coronavirus in NC :: WRAL.com


Raleigh school closes after parent tests positive for coronavirus

Propaganda. I was told by the man at the top that this was contained and I refuse to hear anything else.
Well that’s settled then.  Carry on
Phew! Thanks for letting us know!

Anybody vote on Feb 29 at Millbrook Exchange Community Center and have symptoms? A known coronavirus patient voted early here.
One symptomatic coronavirus patient voted early in the primary election on Feb. 29. The person voted at Millbrook Exchange Community Center in Raleigh. Wake County Public Health has the names of the election officials and are working with them to further assess the risk of exposure at this location. According to election data, [1,400 people](http://msweb03.co.wake.nc.us/bordelec/downloads/14earlyvoting/WakeUnofficialEVCount.pdf) voted at the Millbrook Exchange Community Center on Feb. 29.If you’re sick and voted early in the Millbrook Community Center for early voting on Feb 29, get tested for COVID19. Luckily it’s been 10 full days, so if you are not sick and voted this day, you’re likely okay.
Did they give the timeframe they were there? Or if they had symptoms at the time?
I voted early there but I can’t remember which day!
What's your source for this?
Just wash your hands and don’t stick your fingers in any of your holes. You’ll be fine.
Everyone is going to catch it, doesn't matter
I did vote early there the next morning, Thursday the 30th. Close call!
Yes, they were symptomatic.
Here is a [WRAL article](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wral.com/we-expect-more-cases-timeline-of-wake-coronavirus-patient-s-arrival-symptoms-current-status/18992150/%3fversion=amp) that contains a timeline. Not helpful for time of day, but in case other people haven’t seen.
If you use Google maps, then it's most likely in your travel history.
This was a Saturday
NCDHHS. It’s also on wral.
I do think it’s going to be worse in the US than other countries. No paid sick leave, many uninsured people, patchwork healthcare system, and people who won’t follow quarantine orders because muh FReEdoM!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2020/mar/10/covid-19-coronavirus-flattening-the-curve
Yes but we’re trying to flatten the curve and reduce the speed of the spread so that hospitals are not overloaded, which will lead to more deaths
Far underrated comment
There is no Feb 30....
No timeframe? Morning when they opened or afternoon?
I’m sorry but it’s extremely selfish to go out when your symptomatic for something like that. I totally for going to the doctor,picking up meds or food but early voting?
Good idea!
The only real solution is a government-enforced lockdown similar to Wuhan -- which isn't going to happen because the Trump administration is pretending everything is OK to not spook to the markets.
I understand the motivation, but that's going to happen anyway given how infectious CV is.
I understand people are scared, but with as uniquely infectious as it CV is: the only way to avoid it would be complete isolation for months.
Not from what I can find. Hopefully they didn’t have kids bc that park playground was wild and could have spread it like crazy.
How do you know your symptomatic? I don’t have a fever but I periodically sneeze and have a sore throat.... does that mean I self quarantine for the duration plus 14 days?  This whole situation is so stressful and shaming the victims is ridiculous. They had no idea they were exposed.
They did not know that it was coronavirus at that time.
Which will backfire spectacularly.
It doesn’t have to. There have been countries that have had linear curves because they've been able to slow it down
Well one has to do as close to that as one can
Odds are no. Symptoms are a dry cough, and few people get runny noses. I’d say stay home to be safe, also being sick you are slightly immunocomprimised. Symptoms normally appear in 5-10 days  [symptoms per the CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/downloads/COVID19-symptoms.pdf)
Maybe they did not know it was the Corona virus but they exhibited cold or flu symptoms and that’s a jerk move.
Yeah -- in countries with governments trying to contain it. Ours is not.
very true.
So now anyone with any illness symptoms can't leave the house?
I don’t think anyone disagrees...
I think key is to remember that we have several layers of government. Our federal one is a joke, at least the public side of it that's trying to play things off as okay. Then there's state and local levels, which we have more promise of leadership and actual plans in place. It's still going to be bad for a lot of people, but we can make our state one of the ones that is proactive and gets through it the best we can.
I don’t believe a person with a virus should go out to vote and touch things knowing that they are sick and could infect people.
Someone does because I saw that I was downvoted when I went to reply.
China dedicated 10% of their medical staff to Wuhan. We have outbreaks in a few different cities now. A single state government is insufficient to contain the virus. We needed federal effort, two weeks ago.
Or take precautions like wearing a mask and wipe down after everything you touch.
That’s reddit.  Gotta not worry about the up and downvotes
True, usually I don’t worry too much but I thought that one comment wouldn’t be controversial.

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thanks Jeff, you reaching out directly to citizens (not just for this but in general) is way more than other politicians are doing. Appreciate ya.
Also everyone please think of your immunocompromised friends. Even if you stand a good chance of 1) not contracting 2)and if contracting, not reaching status requiring hospitalization ; you still pose a  huge danger to this population. Both UNC and Duke as everyone is aware have huge transplant populations in addition to other compromised groups.   Both my fiancee and I are post bi-lat lung transplant patients and we're on red alert as this is potentially lethal. If you see people with masks or wearing gloves assume they are protecting themselves rather than contravening CDC recommendations.    If you work with or interact with any of these compromised individuals ask how you can make their lives easier and quell any anxiety they might have about social interactions. If they seem a little jumpy they have good reason. All it takes one irresponsible person to put their life in danger.   Let's get this through this shit!
Scary to me as my daughter has surgery next week at UNC Children’s. With her weakened immune system and all the people in and out of the hospitals— ugh!
This shit is getting depressing.
Two people at my job are STILL going on their cruise later this week... the one thing our government has advise that people dont do. Their reason is because theyll lose $1,500. Our company hasnt enforced WFH so now everyone will be at risk because of stupid ignorant people.
aren't there 24 confirmed cases now, just at Biogen?  my corporate office let everyone WFH starting last week, but my branch is still going in to the office. today they're even having a luncheon and Friday we have another mandatory lunch meeting. I will not be eating from the communal buffet, thankyouverymuch.  edit: 24 is the latest total of all biogen employees across 3 states. sorry!
Thanks for the info as always.
Did anyone see that school in Raleigh whose parent was identified with the Coronavirus?  The kid was never tested. Why? Because he showed no symptoms. For up to a week the virus shows no symptoms!   On the surface we only have 7 cases but the real number is way higher.
I appreciate the transparency. Imo this will blow up way worse than Italy, very soon. We’re not testing at all. Companies still haven’t mandated wfh yet. It seems like they’re waiting till it gets really bad.  You also have dumbasses that think it’s no big deal and the flu is worse. We’re in for a ride folks.
Thank you senator!  Even if you don't think it's as bad as the flu, we  should  all still be taking precautions to reduce the effects on others.  On a positive note, I hope that after this winds down (whenever that may be) that there will be some sweeping changes in healthcare in the workplace.  As much as I don't agree with the current administration, I do remain hopeful that the proper steps will be taken by them at some point.
Also, want to add a note to please be mindful when joking about this virus with friends and family. I fully realize the media isn’t helping by using scare stories or lack of properly educating the public, but it is highly likely you’re acquainted with someone who is immunocompromised. This is not limited to the elderly, etc. Many people with a variety of conditions have impaired immune systems that will not fight this virus properly. It is a new risk and there is a high chance of fatality for them (could be high as 50/50 chance).
Thank you so much Jeff for keeping us all up to date on the COVID-19 information and impacts on our state!
I'm admin at one of our local hospitals. It's amazing sitting in some of these meetings when WFH is brought up and how foreign it seems to be. Most of our work is done on laptops. We need next to know face to face interaction.   I don't understand the resistance. Not just because of COVID, but in general. It's better for the infrastructure, environment and I'm sure employee satisfaction.
There is a report Duke hospital has cases but they have not announced anything about those cases.
LOL. I knew I'd read this before. Hi Jeff!  &#x200B;  And not sure if you were aware but people are spreading misinformation regarding blood donations being a free way to test for coronavirus. Could you mention something about that? Some people actually believe this. It's leaving our healthcare workers vulnerable and potentially contagious, and the guidelines for blood donations won't even allow a draw from someone who has a fever or productive cough.   &#x200B;  You're great. I'm a fan. Keep on being you.
I know that as of today Duke students were told there would be no more in person classes, if you went home for spring break to stay there.
Serious Question. We have had viruses like this the last ten years. Why is this one so much more serious than the other ones? I'm working from home, but I do worry about all the people who work at restaurants that are working hard and don't get vacation days.
>Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.  First - thank you for reaching out to this community.   I do have though a small "issue" with the above statement. It is not necessarily that the amount of infected people are doubling - it is that there are more people being tested and thus the number is going up. The people being tested may have been infected a week ago - or 10 days ago - and still have the virus but are close to that period where the virus will leave their body. Just because they tested positive today does not mean they were given the virus yesterday or will be able to pass the virus on tomorrow.
>Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.  I wonder if this is because of more testing is being done.
I think the biggest threat is medical facilities being overwhelmed with the number of patients. So you could die not because of the virus but because you aren't able to get medical care.  But fortunately many experts in the field say that this type of virus will die out as the weather gets warmer.
My company has left it at a team-by-team basis to determine who can WFH. Really hoping I can soon. But lots of boomers around here who don't think it's that bad
RTP was quiet in terms of traffic this morning.  Companies must be kicking off WFH plans.    I know my company in RTP is starting WFH plans this week. Many indefinite WFH and others working in rotating groups every 2 weeks.  This impacts thousands in our company alone.  Same plans are rolling out globally as well.
My company has enforced a work from home policy until the end of the month. It's a large and visible North Carolina based company, and I am so proud that leadership made the call to not only, not induce panic by staying ahead of it with good communication, but making the sacrifice to enforce this policy.   Thanks Senator!
Could you please work on a bill to guarantee that health insurance companies will cover the cost of diagnosis and and mandated quarantine at 100%?  More people will come forward and get tested if they know there will be no financial retribution on that end.
And please, don’t go to the hospital if you don’t have a severe case. Doctors can’t have people flooding in hospitals with mild cases, possibly slowing treatment for people at risk.
Since Duke extended spring break and is switching to online instruction, do you think any (or all) of the schools in the UNC system will do the same thing?
Totally get it! Post Non-Hodgkin lymphoma patient in stable remission almost three years in May,and I am freaked out, washing my hands like mad, sanitizing my hands, disinfecting all  surfaces like mad. Need this to get handled....and soon!  It is getting more concerning by the day. Be be vigilant!
I think it’s important to note that local hospitals have been running at capacity since last summer. We’ve been breaking census records for weeks now. If this hits us hard, the strain is going to be unreal.
You’re amazing, Jeff! Your posts are always insightful and to-the-point.  Thanks for your common sense advice, warning, and for always looking out for the people of NC. Stay healthy!
Am I allowed to practice good hygiene and go about my day without totally freaking out while also taking this outbreak seriously? Or do I have to be a crazy on one end of the spectrum?
I appreciate you and your work on this and other things
Tell this to NCSU. They are the ones not putting classes online like Duke although all 34,000 students are closer to the coronavirus cases.
Thanks Senator Jackson.
It’s doubling in the US every 3-4 days actually.
I am at the vet school at NC State, and rumor is we will be moving to online-only classes after our spring break. An email should be going out soon.
7? when did it bump up form 1?  I see a lot of people mentioning WFH, yeah I can't do that I work at a movie place.
Very well written and realistic. Much appreciated.
Asked this yesterday, but didn’t hear anything:  What measures can/could NC enact to try and limit the spread of the virus?
Do you think they would implement a domestic travel ban?
It’s funny there are more and more confirmed cases considering even if you are in the emergency room with all the symptoms you need government permission to become tested for corona virus. Don’t believe me? please inquire.
Don’t freak out...
I’m supposed to start my new job doing home health visits in two weeks... :( We’ve booked a nanny service for in home childcare too, better than daycare as far as number of contamination points go, but the mom guilt for me is SEVERE right now. I guess if the infection rate gets bad my company may suspend all visits, but I have no idea, I haven’t even started working yet. They may go in line with if public schools cancel we will cancel too. I don’t know.
Thanks! She will be getting a feeding tube and hernia surgery. They have already postponed it once due to the flu. Now, we have THIS flu and my nerves are shot. They will call tomorrow with a time we need to be there. I’m not sure if I’m hoping they do it or not. She NEEDS the feeding tube as she’s 25lbs and will be 5 next month.
Right on Senator Jackson. Thank you for being awesome and keep doing what you are doing.
Thanks for the info.   Does anyone know the level of risk for someone without a spleen and Coronavirus?   I’ve got an 18-year old senior in high school scheduled for spring break in Fort Lauderdale next week....  So much info flowing in and changing daily that I don’t know what to do here.    Thanks in advance   PW
Well intended, but based on speculation, not facts.  We should absolutely take this serious. It IS going to get worse, but the sky is NOT falling.  Wash your hands, work from home (if able), restrict interaction amongst crowds, 65+ hunker down and stay home telling family to fuck off.
Saving this!
Jeff, Thank you for be a role model senator and standing up for what you believe in even when its unpopular.   Thank you for the frequent updates you provide on here.   We need more of you in Government.
Thank you Senator. As others have said, public outreach like this is awesome!
I for one am happy that as an American I have the CHOICE to be sick because to die from a health condition is better than SoCiAliSm.  Maybe this will finally push this nation over the edge and we'll finally get M4A or eqivilant passed.
Your points 1 and 2 are a bit conflicting. Yes, exponential growth in NEW cases is indicative of an epidemic, but testing IS increasing (albeit it is still under what it should be). As testing increases and awareness increases, cases will increase (which is what is happening). This is NOT the same thing as incidence (NEW cases) increasing.
Ya'll are way way way off the deep end.   Do ya'll do any realist statistical estimation based on real life numbers before ya'll start wetting your panties?  There are so many other risks to our well being that are just as likely or more so that we don't freak out over.  You people are so fucking insane (literally) that in no short time ya'll will be volunteering everyone else for mass incarceration and mass injections for the sake of a risk that even if has completely spread all over the population is as dangerous as the freakin' flu.  Again.  Let me repeat.  Ya'll are fucking INSANE!.   and through the excuse of "good intentions"...  ya'll are EVIL as well.  I expect nothing short of mass down votes and denial of responsibility.
Hand shaking and hand washing while will help fight off other bacterial infections, likely doesnt have anything to with how the coronavirus is transmitted. What I've read and listened to suggests its airborne which is why it's so scary, and you should avoid congested public places if possible.
Wasn't it just the nursing home case and the six more, yesterday, from the Biogen conference in MA?  If that's the case, it's a little fear-mongery to say we have an explosion of untested cases, like is likely in NY and CA.  These individuals were identified quickly and the source if their infection is known.  I applaud you for trying to help keep people informed but there is no need to incite additional panic.
I’m never taking this seriously
I have ten rolls of toilet paper and a massive stockpile of ammunition.  I'm all set.
In its latest estimates on flu impact today, the CDC said the disease has sickened from 36 million to 41.3 million people this season through Apr 13, of whom 16.7 million to 19.4 million sought medical care. In addition, the disease has hospitalized 502,000 to 610,000 patients and killed 34,400 to 57,300. Did we forget about the flu?
Not to add more concern, but washing your hands won’t help with Covid19. It spreads via the air (coughing, sneezing, breathing) so the best thing to do if you are in the vulnerable population (old, heart issues Or lung issues) is to stay away from large populated events or areas for the time being. It’s going to get much worse before it gets better.  Edit: Downvote me all you want, all I’m saying is that just because you consistently wash your hands doesnt tmean you are safe from Covid 19. Washing your hands is a great thing to do, always, but it isn’t 100% protection from this virus
Event 201
Post kidney transplant here... I go through bouts of freaking out then realizing I have minimal contact with people pretty much daily. I am extremely healthy, though, and I’m on very low amounts of immunosuppressants, so hopefully if I do get it, I’ll make it. Good time to be an introvert, let me tell ya.
My wife and I just found out last week that we’re pregnant and due to her autoimmune disorder that resulted in our miscarriage last year, it’s considered a high risk pregnancy.  Combine that with all the injections and medication she’s going to have to take and her immune system is going to be super weak. It’s very worrisome
Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia patient here. I’m at Stage 1 with no issues (thankfully). I also don’t have my spleen after I lost it last April nearly dying in an automobile accident. I’m with you.
> Both my fiancee and I are post bi-lat lung transplant patients and we're on red alert as this is potentially lethal.  Just curious, what's the story there?
Yes this!!! I’m in this high risk group also. It makes me sad that so many people, even my own dad (who is 65, and seems to catch infections more easily as he ages - he had flu B and severe food poisoning just a couple of weeks ago), keep using the justification(?) of “oh but it’s only killing the elderly and chronically ill”. Okay dude but they/we are people who also do not want to die from a new virus with no direct treatments. Wtf
My mother has stage four cancer and her numbers are pretty tough right now so I’m with you!
some of us are staying home because of at-risk people like you and your daughter- I hope the movement grows and that ya'll stay healthy and everything goes well in your daughter's surgery.  www.staythefuckhome.com  the government won't make the call, but citizens can.
I know that's got to be scary for you.  Hope everything goes well!
We're in a similar boat. Best of luck to your daughter w/ surgery!
My theory--which applies to a vacation we've already pre-paid most of later this month--am I willing to pay that amount to avoid being caught up in the drama of having to be tested and quarantined?  And yes, yes I am.
Can you have your boss tell them to stay away from the office for 14 days when they return?  &#x200B;  \*edit.... i need to read carefully. :)
I’ve got family that refused to give up their trip to Normandy this week and flew. Mind you they are bringing two 4 year olds with them. Those kids will touch everything from the airport to France and back. I’m very worried for them and for others that are naive enough to travel right now.
So you can say you would actively throw away $1,500 without batting an eye?  If I had a cruise that wouldn't let me cancel I absolutely would still be going on it. That being said, I'm pretty sure every major cruise line will let you reschedule.
I hope you meant that the stupid ignorant people are the ones running your company and not enforcing WFH. They shouldn’t just rely on people changing their plans.
I understand not wanting to loose the 1500 and I'm guessing I'd probably take my vacation too. That said, hopefully they'll stay home when they get back. FWIW, I think the efficacy of self quarantine is debatable since most people aren't just going to stay home in isolation. Hopefully if things get worse our government will make self quarantine a bit easier.
I SINCERELY hope they aren't allowed back in until adequate testing kits are available. A year away. Maybe even longer. Just because they're putting who-knows-how-many people in danger.
You are one of the stupid, panicky, ignorant people
Unless I am wrong, I think that 24 includes those who work out of their Boston office as well. And that one guy in Indiana. Seems like that conference really spread things around.
That's the crazy thing about how this virus spreads. I watched that Joe Rogan interview where that virus doctor had mentioned those people they tested in Germany. Those people had thousands of virus cells in them and were showing zero symptoms. We could be spreading it to each other left and right and not even know.
No test no problems.  https://abc11.com/6000119
Read on a other thread that a TA in school system has it. So clearly so do a ton of other people. It's gonna be wide spread. I read 40% of population will get it.
I have a friend who lives in Charlotte who's company went mandatory wfh last week. My office is going wfh starting Friday. The companies that can are starting to.
My husband has heard not a single peep about working from home. He's got meetings booked through the end of this week. I'm pretty irritated.  I'm not as affected, I work at a cat shelter and thus my level of human interaction is basically zero, and I don't need him trucking the virus back home. I have multiple chronic issues going on right now and while I'm not immunocompromised, when I get sick, I get REALLY horridly sick and it sucks
I'm really grateful that my current job lets me wfh no problems, which I started doing yesterday since I'm high risk. Unfortunately my husband doesn't have that option due to the nature of his job so still trying to be really careful.
Estimates for the flu last year are 35MM affected, 16MM to the doctor, .5MM to the hospital, and 34k deaths. All numbers per the CDC.  In your opinion, what makes this worse?  Edit - why am I getting downvoted for a question? I'm not being rude, just asking to understand better.
I have a very educated (masters level) friend that thinks that people should "get a grip" because this is "alarmist nonsense".  I have no idea what's causing her level of denial on this, she's normally more pragmatic.   My company (on NC State campus) is doing a rotating shift of WFH.  If it starts getting widespread here, they'll have to lock down and mandate WFH.  I'm just not sure what the tipping point for that mandate would be.  I don't understand the reasoning behind us waving off the WHO tests.  We have barely any data - without data, we're flying blind.
My company has started voluntary wfh this week.
This is also why people should stop comparing to the flu.  There is data that shows people with heart disease, high blood pressure & diabetes have higher hospitalization & death rates.   The flu does not.
I have been a full time remote employee for years, but prior to that I have worked in offices full time. The resistance is simple: there is a level of mistrust either at the top or at the middle layer of management. That's all it is. The "ass in seats" mentality still exists all throughout the US in white collar work despite the fact that full time remote employees like myself still do great work.... and save the companies thousands per year.
Gov. Cooper straight out rejected that in his press conference just 20 minutes ago.  He said all medical facilities have mandatory reporting statewide, by law.  He suggested that rumors get started when someone is treated for some other seasonal coronavirus, but no secret patients who tested positive for COVID-19 exist.
i thought i remembered seeing a coronavirus case at duke back in jan but now it appears that was just the mandela effect
When we were at Duke yesterday, our doctor said no cases were being treated by the hospital atm.
COVID-19 is [more contagious](https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/03/health-officials-coronavirus-covid19-flu-health-outbreak) than the flu, and is (at least) [ten times more lethal.](https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/03/health-officials-coronavirus-covid19-flu-health-outbreak) Most of us have been exposed to flu viruses at some point in our lives; no one has developed immunity to the novel coronavirus. SARS and MERS had higher fatality rates but were better contained.
That's mostly regardless of testing.  We aren't /really/ testing right now, and we know that the infection rate of known cases is close to doubling every week.  That number will probably grow even FASTER once we start testing - which would put it on something I saw a week or 3 ago, about the relative communicability of various viruses, like influenza or measles or the like. Early estimates were that Covid-19 was going to double every 3+ days.
This is how I feel at my employer. No one is taking is seriously, so even tho we have the ability to WFH no one thinks it’s necessary. I’m afraid that we will have to get to the point of someone in the office falling ill for them to take is seriously.
> But lots of boomers around here who don't think it's that bad  Given the older patients seem to have the worse symptoms and lower recovery rate, that seems very unfortunate.
Sounds like we work at the same place lol. My “rotation” officially starts Monday but we’re free to WFH whenever. Debating if I should just start tomorrow.
An elderly teacher of mine who recently traveled domestically to a conference got a surprisingly harsh response when they tried to call a hospital about testing. He's been asked to stay home just in case.
NCSU has extended our spring break and classes will be online after that
Yes, matter of time before someone on spring break brings it to state.
Hold on. I’m not trying to downplay this virus at ALL. But it’s absolutely isn’t “doubling every 3-4 days.” If it doubled every 3-4 days we would have gone from 1 to 16k cases in 30 days. We have 760 today.
I heard the same thing.  Classes will be online only but all of the students will be allowed back on campus--that part doesn't make any sense to me.
Congress is working on a 14 day leave package for people in jobs like yours. Everything is moving too slowly, but there will be a plan in place to help people stay home if they suspect coronavirus, despite their job.
It's telling of this sub's demographics.
Due to the lack of testing going on 3 weeks now, there is no baseline in the US to compare new vs. existing.
If the number of KNOWN cases is doubling every 3 days, there is no reason to think that the number of unknown cases isn't doubling at at least that rate.
"Even if has completely spread all over the population is as dangerous as the freakin' flu"  Show your data that supports this.
Look at New Rochelle NY
Wow aren’t you just so edgy
How brave. How noble. You are truly sticking it to the man.
have fun boomer
don't forget food.
Nobody has forgotten about the flu.  Comparing statistics from a full flu season to a virus that didn't exist 3 months ago means nothing.   We don't know where the coronavirus will top out.  We do know that the death rate is significantly higher.
those droplets get on your hand, then you touch things or your face with your hands.  wash your hands frequently
Mitigation is done in layers. Reducing risk, not eliminating it.
as in our story? I have cystic fibrosis and was transplanted in March 2011. Shortly afterwards at subsequent clinic visits I noticed this striking young woman. I assumed she had cystic fibrosis given her appearance so didn't talk to her or even approach. In October 2011, she was hospitalized and our doctor called me asking if I could help out a young woman roughly around my age who was recently transplanted, as she was going through a tough mental stretch. I said sure, why not. He gave me her name & number and told me she didn't have cystic firbosis, so feel free to talk in person if able to.    Once I looked her up I realized it was the same woman who I noticed at all those clinic appointments. She was diagnosed with Lymphangioleiomyomatosis (LAM) at age of 22 and was given 6 months to live unless she had a transplant. So we came to view our respective transplants from 180 degree viewpoints. For me, it was a new life and very exciting. All I had known was sickness. For her, it was hell on earth; she grew up with illness sight unseen and didn't know true sickness until the diagnosis at 22 and the severe acceleration of her disease. Effectively, the notion of transplant was a death sentence.    We met at a local starbucks in November 2011 and have been together ever since. Mor recently, she completed her transplant evaluation here at Duke for her second transplant as her disease has really done a number on these "new" lungs. She's not listed yet but we suspect within year she'll have her second bi-lat lung transplant. So we're on pins and needles!
That's actually what my org is doing. If you go to a high-risk city/state or a cruise especially you may be asked to self-quarantine when you return
After tonight, it appears they have some extra time on their hands in France.
Not saying you should travel the globe now, but you have much higher chances of dying in the Uber on the way to the airport than because of this virus.  Take precautions like washing hands and avoiding large crowds, but otherwise go on about your life.
My sister’s Carnival cruise for next week was canceled. She’ll immediately receive half her money back and then has until December 2021 to book another cruise.
How would you like to be on a cruise ship, stuck off shore and unable to dock, while the number of COVID-19 cases on-board spirals and you are locked in your cabin, breathing recycled air from the AC that has circulated all over the ship? That has happened twice already.
Ironic.
Yeah I wanna know what happened at this conference. Was it literally just shared air space in a room full of people sitting down. Or did the infected person sneeze all over the finger food buffet.
>  Those people had thousands of virus cells in them and were showing zero symptoms.   It's way worse. He said 10,000 times the expected viron load for not showing symptoms. This bug is highly contagious to begin with but shedding that many viruses before symptoms show is highly unusual and concerning.
We could be, but the main cause of spreading it is through coughs and sneezes. Not saying it’s not possible to spread it asymptomatically, because it is, but with what we’ve seen so far, the more intense community spreads are started by symptomatic carriers.
My employer hasn’t even mentioned the word coronavirus they acting like it doesn’t exist. Got a few thousand people that work in the building too.
I work for a small business. We had a meeting today that basically said they can only afford us one week of PTO before the company will go under due to bills. A heavy majority of our revenue comes from work we do at our location, so if we have to close, we are SOL
Slightly off-topic, but I hope this is a real inflection point for more companies and people to work from home.
In addition to the higher mortality, it’s how fast it’s spreading. Google “flatten the curve”. Even if the same amount of people get sick, outcomes are going to be much better if as many people can delay getting sick as long as possible, because the healthcare system can only take so much at a time.   An analogy: Think about how much it hurts if you don’t poop for a week.
The mortality rate of COVID-19 is higher, for starters. The hospitalization rate is also higher.   But the simple answer is that we don’t know nearly as much about this disease as we do the flu. It’s certainly possible that this will shake out to be less dangerous than the flu, but we have no way of knowing that yet. Based on how things have gone so far, it’s hard to assume COVID-19 will be less deadly.
The possibly permanent lung damage that is being identified in recovered patients would be a start.  There’s so much unknown.
I’m seeinG Fauci quoted as saying this is 10 times more fatal than seasonal flu.  If that’s wrong fine but if true it’s not good.
COVID-19 is spreading like wild fire and it’s death rate is way higher than the average flu. This could potentially kill millions in the US if we don’t contain it.
I know you’re getting downvoted and I probably will too, but I never worry about getting the flu. I get Coronavirus spreads faster and is more virulent, but I never worry about being sick myself personally. So why should I suddenly freak out about this? I am honestly asking a question, not trolling because I am clearly missing something?
You got downvoted because you are supposed to never compare this to flu and are supposed to act as though this is the end and there is nothing that can be done. Don’t you come in with your fancy numbers and questions.
> a very educated (masters level)   I mean, I have a master's, but I still have shit-all knowledge about contagious diseases. Surprisingly, that topic didn't come up in my political policy classes. I've gotta defer to the experts on this.   And when the experts say employers should let people work from home as much as possible, I'm pretty baffled why my job (government) is just like, "nah."
You just compared them, though.
Not Mandela effect! There was a suspected case but it was quickly ruled not to be COVID-19. [News story here. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wect.com/2020/01/24/nc-health-officials-investigate-possible-case-coronavirus/%3foutputType=amp)
Lethality rates compared to the 'generic' flu vary with who is weighing in and what data they are analyzing.  Most experts agree on one thing.  Everyone should stop comparing covid-19 to the flu.    Try to limit your contact with others as much as you can.  Wash your hands frequently.  Right now these things are your best defense.  If you do get it however, it is far from a death sentence if you are a moderately healthy individual.    The worst thing to do right now is allow panic to govern the way we live our lives and deal with this crisis.
Okay thank you!
Physicist?
This coronavirus is also a strain of SARS
> We aren't /really/ testing right now, and we know that the infection rate of known cases is close to doubling every week.  Broad testing started being available in all 50 states this week.
> ld on. I’m not trying to downplay this virus at ALL. But it’s absolutely isn’t “doubling every 3-4 days.” If it doubled every 3-4 days we would have gone from 1 to 16k cases in 30 days. We have 760 today.  ??? we have over 1000 cases confirmed and our testing regimen is behind soooo
Start keeping track now though. I am keeping tabs of recorded US infections since last week.  This is the schedule so far.   300 3/6  600 3/9   1200 3/12  I would listen to this Joe Rogan clip from yesterday for people who are taking this virus lightly still.   https://youtu.be/cZFhjMQrVts
It's definitely now doubling every 3-4 days  [https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6](https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)  [https://infection2020.com/?r=1](https://infection2020.com/?r=1)  Edit - also all these numbers for the US are probably much lower than true numbers since very few are testing
Actually, it's more than tripling. The R-naught is 3.5. And you are correct, it's not every 3-4 days. It's actually every 5.5 days. The problem is health officials can't state that since they are dependent on actual confirmed cases. Epidemiologist on the other hand can extrapolate using the R-naught along with the confirmed cases to generalize the rate it spreads.
Never fear, the Senate GOP killed that bill.  Because what we really need is a tax cut, dontcha know.
Do you have a source for this?
 I swear it was 1 only a few days ago..
Yep, so we don’t know if it’s exponential growth in incidence or just better contact tracing/awareness (people coming in to get tested more frequently), or just better surveillance.
That’s not true, testing and awareness and increasing (the former is slowly increasing). Once testing is increased further there will be an explosion of cases - that does not mean there was an explosion of new cases from the day before.
The numbers are all over the place.  Do the math yourself slacker.
I see it.  Are you suggesting Raleigh put in a similarly-ineffectual 1-mile quarantine zone?  Again, I'm not suggesting throwing caution to the wind but to act like Raleigh is going to be the next Wuhan is incredibly stupid.
Three cans of soup in the cupboard.
You said it your self you don't know. Are you saying that the death rate is higher than the flu in the US? Need some stats please. The flu has been killing people for a long time my friend. The point I was trying to make is that every time a new disease comes out it freaks everyone out. People go and buy all kinds of things and think it is the end of the world but these viruses come and go and have been around forever.
Zeka, Ebola, Bird flu, Sars, and Swine flu just to name a few. Wash your hands and stay safe.
Yeah I’m not saying you shouldn’t wash your hands, you definitely should but it won’t fully protect you from this virus. There’s been tests already done showing this virus can survive in the air for 15-30 min
Amazing story! You two were meant for each other :) Best wishes to both of your outcomes, so glad y’all have each other!
Wow, fantastic story. I wish you guys the best and stay safe.
I have to say this story actually made me choke up a bit. Would make a great movie - or at least a great episode of Grey's Anatomy. Thank you for sharing and good luck to you and yours.
I just recently learned about CF patients not being able to be close to one another. That must make a difficult disease much harder, since you can’t really share your life with anyone who can truly relate.  I’m so glad you found your partner and you’re able to support one another. Also, congrats on the lungs!!
That was beautiful to read, rooting hard for you both, best wishes.
I just saw that wowzers
I have very little personal concern that I will catch the virus if I travel abroad, and I have very little concern that if I do, that I will be seriously affected by the virus--given that I'm not in the high risk groups. (I'm not elderly, I don't have hypertension and I don't smoke.)  That said, I am highly concerned that I may get to a place and suddenly find myself caught up in the drama of it: being told by European officials not to leave the hotel, being caught up in a quarantine zone because some idiot didn't wash his hands, or hell: being stuck in a beautiful city that is in complete lockdown, so I can only see it from the hotel window.  I agree about just going about your life. But also be aware that if you travel to Europe (where it's become a multi-national pandemic) you may find yourself in "COVID-19 quarantine theater."
She only gets half of her money back or is the rest a credit for the next cruise?
You would make that decision because you are assuming that it is practically a guarranteed thing that you would get covid if you got on a cruise ship.  Many people look at the actual statistics and decide that the chances aren't that different than if they stayed home.  I mean seriously...  twice out of how many ships in how much time?  Please do the math.
I can think of plenty of worse places to be then stuck on a luxury cruise ship dude.   Chances are you’re going to lock yourself in your home already, atleast I get the option of room service.
You would make that decision because you are assuming that it is practically a guarranteed thing that you would get covid if you got on a cruise ship.  Many people look at the actual statistics and decide that the chances aren't that different than if they stayed home.  I mean seriously...  twice out of how many ships in how much time?  Please do the math.
You're already infected in that situation, so of course they won't let you off.   But I'm not going to throw away 1500 because that might happen. I'd rather get sick on the boat and reimbursed if it does happen, then actively light 1500 on fire.
I bet there was a lot of handshaking at a conference but who knows
They never clean the serving spoons in buffet lines, and everyone touches them.  I bet that's a huge transmission vector.
What happens at Biogen STAYS at Biogen.     Except coronavirus I guess.
Biogen is famous for their orgies.
Large conferences/conventions are always breeding grounds for diseases.
You’d think doctors and research scientists would know better. Guess not!
extra seasoning, yum
Still a lot of coughing and sneezing cuz its allergy season though. Wonder if that can spread it?
I work for Wake County (*in the department that manages health services for fucks sake*) and we haven't heard anything more than a "we're closely monitoring the situation."  It's absolutely infuriating that some places are just choosing complete inaction rather than consider safe options for their employees
I have my doubts. Lots of jobs can't be WFH and even when folks do WFH, productivity drops. I don't think we will see lasting policies from companies enabling WFH.
COVID-19 spreads much more quickly than the flu and can cause pneumonia with severe lung damage.  There are about 62,000 full-featured mechanical ventilators in hospitals in the US.   If more than 62,000 people get pneumonia from COVID-19 at the same time, all the excess simply die, as there's no more treatment equipment left to keep them alive.   If you or your mother or father are one of those people that gets pneumonia at that time, you suffocate to death in a hospital waiting room. There will be nothing the doctors can do for you.  That's how the bodies started piling up in the hallways in Wuhan hospitals in the beginning. It started happening in Italy too.  The goal of canceling large events and telling people to work from home is to slow the spread so that the number of people infected and critically ill -at the same time- stays under the number of beds and ventilators available in hospitals. If that happens, then most of them that can survive with treatment will survive. If the spread is not checked and everyone gets sick at the same time, then bodies pile up.  Seasonal flu never causes this problem because the number of people it makes critically ill at the same time is never more than our hospital capacity in this country. The flu doesn't spread as fast and the most at-risk can get vaccinated before each flu season so they are less likely to need hospitalization. There's no vaccine for COVID-19... remember what happened in Washington when someone brought it into a nursing home?
it's also a pneumonia-like disease, which is troubling. obviously the flu can spiral into a respiratory infection fairly easily, but a disease that mimics or induces pneumonia and difficulty breathing really freaks me out and puts a wider range of people at risk.
Isn’t the mortality and hospitalization rate higher because this has affected an older population at least here in the US?  we are up to what 1,000 cases and 30 deaths right?  Most of those in a nursing home. Saw one today for a 92 year old woman. I get the unknown part of this but it does seem like we are going a bit overboard here. Just like everyone does when there’s a storm coming. You prep and prep then nothing happens so people stop prepping because they’ve been told this is the end or huge issue is coming.
Thank you for the rational answer. This makes sense to me. Fear of the unknown is ok, but the end of the world fear mongering by some is what kills me.  Now, can you tell me why toilet paper is sold out everywhere? JK!
Pretty sure 20 times is more accurate.
Thousands, hundreds of thousands at worst. Definitely not insignificant, though.
Wild fire you say?
Do you have a parent? a grandparent?  an old or sick neighbor or coworker?  Coronavirus isn't about you.  It's about the entire population.  While I personally don't worry about it's affect on myself, I will have a very difficult time if I find out I was the one that gave it to one of them and it killed them.  My MIL is in a long term care place here.  We are so paranoid about bringing the virus into the facility or another family does.  She will die, others will die.  You ask... "So why should I suddenly freak out about this?".   Answer... stop thinking only about yourself.
Nah you're supposed to act like its fake news and Obamas fault and a Democrat hoax because thats what your cheeto emporer dumped into your brain via Fox News and you can't form an independent thought so you just repeat it
> Surprisingly, that topic didn't come up in my political policy classes.  That actually is a little surprising. One would think dealing with an outbreak is a policy worth studying. Did yall at least go over disaster policy?
Ok.  People should stop saying it's "like the flu". Better?
Broad testing is what we do for influenza.  We're nowhere close to "broad" testing for Covid-19.
we’re over 1,600 actually and that’s just tested there’s definitely more out there that we don’t know about
Lots of testing is being done now, by thousands of private labs across the country.
Agreed. So if we don’t know about others how can people claim they know the rate at which it’s doubling? That’s my point. People just make these claims and the math doesn’t bear it out.
So, if they’re “cases”, are they basing these “cases” on symptomology only? There’s supposed to be a shortage of test kits. Although COVD is being touted as more virulent, it has similar symptoms as the annual ’flu. That’s not a very accurate way to definitively ascertain a true diagnosis.
Then do the math. Start with 1 and double it 10x. That would mean we would have 16,348 after a month. How is “over a thousand” 16,348?
I agree that the numbers are low. And it likely will start doubling every 3-4 days. But it’s unequivocally not doing that now. We would have 20k+ confirmed cases by now. Not 1,500.
Agreed. I love that everyone is correcting my math while not taking issue with the guy who claims to know more than the epidemiologists.
They are hoping to pass something tomorrow before their "week long break" so they must be scrabbling something together tonight.  People accepting the situation or not it making it shifting sands right now.
They having a hearing on the Healthy Families Act tomorrow at two- https://www.speaker.gov/newsroom/3820-0  But what gets passed is probably closed door stuff getting hashed out tonight- they did say dems are hoping to pass something thursday, though.
It was 2, but an outbreak from a Boston conference affected 5 employees at Biogen in RTP, which brought the number to 7.
Confirmed cases outside of China have been increasing exponentially.  Here is a good breakdown of the data.  Call it whatever hell you want.   https://youtu.be/Kas0tIxDvrg
I have. You, on the other hand, are calling people insane and making definitive statements that, as we can clearly see from your response, is full of shit.
We have an international airport. We have at least one known active case that passes through Raleigh. Please check back in 3 weeks as to how stupid I am.
Good to go.
Your free to believe what you want. Let's say we revisit this in a month and see where we are.
Communicability of Zika and Ebola is significantly limited to geographic regions and no trivial transmission vectors (insects and actual bodily fluids).  SARS issue was that it ran too hot. It infected people, turned symptomatic, and burned through them before they could spread it too far.  Bird and swine flus were just more-severe-then-usual influenza viruses.  Covid-19 is nothing like any of them. It's easily transmitted via surfaces and through air, and it has an incubation period of around a week before patients become symptomatic enough that they start limiting their interactions with people. In that time, they cough and touch all kinds of stuff all over the place. And Covid-19 has a severity that is closing in on SARS, without the rapid onset and hot burn rate.
So it's been about a month and it appears Covid19  will surpass all of these combined.
no single thing completely protects you, washing hands is just one part
Thank you, and you as well!
No problem and thank you as well!
bingo
Yeah, that’s my concern too. I’d hate to go somewhere only to find everything closed.
The other half is credit for the next cruise.
Stuck in a tiny cruise ship cabin barely bigger than the bed, unable to leave except for "deck time" for an hour every other day or so?    It's also not "room service", more like "here's what you're getting three times a day, hope you like it".
underrated comment
excellent point, allergy season could compound the amount of potential spreading
Yea they aren’t even saying that. Not sure why? They used to I remember the H1N1 outbreak they at least sent an email and put out Germ X bottles everywhere. My co workers and I have high anxiety over their silence.
Fellow Wake County employee here. Yesterday when that email went out that said there’d be more information very soon, I expected a second email by the end of day. Nothing. Today...nothing.
Right, some jobs can't WFH. My company for example has a warehouse, so we can't have those people WFH, or nothing gets shipped. Nothing gets shipped, we don't make any money.   I'm sure I could WFH, but what's gonna happen to the poor warehouse worker?   This isn't going to be pretty once it starts blowing up.
>even when folks do WFH, productivity drops  I've always read and experienced the opposite. Without the constant distractions at the office and in a more comfortable environment people tend to be far more productive. You may only do 4 hours of work instead of 8, but still get the same amount of work done.
Severe lung damage? - Are there any statistics for future lung diseases and issues due to the severe lung damage sustained by this type of disease?  Such as cancer, emphysema,etc? I mean surely, if a large enough specific trauma source occurs with a large amount of the populace at the same time there would be a traceable effect, would there not?
It also can invade the nervous system like some related viruses https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/32104915/
In the US 31 deaths and only 15 recoveries, that means everyone else who is a confirmed case still has not made it through the virus running its course.
I contract work at a medical facility in Chicago and we've seen 3 patients with COVID-19. All 3 were released to their home for quarantine because their symptoms were not severe enough to require staying in the hospital. So far it does seem that only people with weakened immune systems or older people will require long term hospitalization.
Not to downplay anything, but this report shows that the death rate for those under 50 is remarkably low:  https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/coronavirus-age-sex-demographics/  76% of all infection rates in Italy were people over 50:  https://www.iss.it/en/primo-piano/-/asset_publisher/o4oGR9qmvUz9/content/id/5292020  So while it is impacting older people the most we should still prepare. Older people will be filling up hospital beds will impact all of us, not to mention social and economic impacts.
Also the fact that the seasonal flu infection is spread out over months and not everyone is susceptible to it (immunity through vaccination or otherwise). Covid19 will spread like wild fire through the population and overburden the hospitals and healthcare (exactly what's happening in Italy right now). Best to take it seriously and make informed/tough decisions now to contain it.
Wuhan is a city equivalent to Atlanta, it is less than 1% of China's population.  China managed this by locking everyone down forcefully, and surging 10% of the entire country's healthcare workers into the city.  Those doctors left their home cities, because the quarantine was effective enough that they could be spared.    A free society can't quarantine like that.  Hospitals in Italy are near 100% capacity, and they found their first case who hadn't been to China *22 days ago*.    [Tom Bessert, former homeland security advisor to Trump said "We are ten days away from our hospitals getting creamed](https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/live-blog/coronavirus-updates-live-u-s-europe-brace-infection-spread-italy-n1153801/ncrd1154211#liveBlogHeader)  None days now, by his estimate.  They are going to continue getting creamed until we institute severe, sustained social distancing.    The hospital getting creamed means that patients with treatable pneumonia die, for lack of something basic like an oxygen mask.
Please do not misconstrue my lack of panic with the idea that I do not care for others' well-being and safety. I just don't feel the trepidation that I am seeing around me. Does creating this hyper-awareness really keep us safer?
I do always find it funny how people whose retort you get all of your news from whatever fox news tells you to repeat, all seem to repeat the same talking points that they get from whatever hive mind they have.  it's pretty ironic. This was a good post Jan.  Just stay here and think over and over orange man bad, orange man bad.  it will get you through the dark times of the next five years.
Sure, we talked about emergency *policies*, but that information isn't relevant in me determining that preparation is "alarmist nonsense," given that I am in no way qualified to make an assessment on the danger of a disease. Just because someone has a degree doesn't mean the degree is relevant to their opinions about things outside of their field.   I assume that the person above me was referencing their friend's degree to make the connection that the person should be able to make intelligent or logical decisions based on information, so I just made a light-hearted quip about also have a degree, but it doesn't make me knowledgeable or any smarter than the average person about diseases.
Do you have a source on that number? As far as I can tell WHO is reporting 696 as of today
I’m sure the number is much higher. That doesn’t mean we are doubling every 3 days. If you start with one and double every 3 days you have 16,348 after a month. We don’t have 1/10 of that. If you’re saying we MIGHT eventually? Sure. But it’s irresponsible to claim its doubling every 3-4 days when it absolutely is not.
Let’s see, 30 days divided by 3 days for every time it doubles would mean it doubled ten times in a month. So far so good, so starting with 1 and doubling it 10 times: 1x2=2 2x2=4 4x2=8 8x2=16 16x2=32 32x2=64 64x2=128 128x2=256 256x2=512 512x2=1024 Please explain to me where 16k came from?? If you want the function:  Infected = 1 x 2 ^ (amount of time that has passed / 3 days “how often we double”)  Your answer of 16,348 would be for 42 days into the process. Or 14 periods of doubling.  Edit: formatting
Right there's certainly a 'warm up' period, but at this point for the last week+ it's reached that and is sustaining
Thank you.
Well, we’re talking about the US aren’t we? If Sen Jackson wants to refer to other countries then he should. My point is that we DONT KNOW where we are in the epidemic curve. To call it exponential is misleading.
Are you sure you are including all the people who likely have or had the infection but have not been tested and never will because there is nothing seriously wrong with them?
Wow.. we have an international airport.  I forgot about this unique risk factor.   We have 9 cases in the state, 7 of which are central to the Raleigh area.  As I stated in my original comment, all of the Raleigh cases have known origins and were identified quickly.  While problematic, there is no reason for outright panic.  3 weeks?  You're making it seem like we won't see Monday.
Fair enough but, I am definitely going to live my life the same way I always do. I am going to enjoy this beautiful spring weather we are having and I suggest that you do the same. We will be OK and we will get through this 😉
I could be stuck in a house with someone as optimistic as you, much better I suppose 🤷🏼‍♀️
This time, they won't have any Germ-X, having waited this long to prepare.
Same! But thank god we got two emails from executives announcing retirements 3 months from now...
It's different for each industry and even office. I was simply referring to my personal experience.
20% of infections are of the severe variety, and about half of the severe infections cause lasting lung damage.
The primary "traceable effect" is 4600 deaths and counting. The lung damage is how you die from a COVID-19 infection.  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-08/coronavirus-nears-fatal-tipping-point-when-lungs-are-inflamed
Fuck.
Thank you for the response.
Well I think that is has been the case since the beginning.  Of course the older people getting this with no vaccine would cause the death rate to be higher as they are generally less healthy.  You should still wash your hands and sneeze in your arm.
Right, but if any of those younger people need a hospital bed for a few days when hospitals are at max capacity, then suddenly it starts taking out younger people as well.
It also means care will need to rationed.  People in need surgery, chemo, dialysis, etc may have difficulty receiving care compounding this issue.
Does not being hyper-aware keep us safer?  You do what you can to protect the ones you love.
Hows your orange man stock market doing, champ?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.citizen-times.com/amp/5020088002  Per the map being kept by John's Hopkins, the WHO, the CDC, and USA Today - there are 1,012 confirmed cases as of 7:13 pm today
I don't disagree.  I was responding to the other user who was saying "no testing is being done."  that's not true anymore.    I expect cases to explode quickly as testing ramps up.  However, I don't think the exponential doubling will hold for more than 30 days at most - just a layman's guess.   I think the R0 has been overestimated and will get significantly lower as people avoid large gatherings and take more precautions.
Since the first case in the US was confirmed 51 days ago. So using the OPs multiplier we should actually be well past the 16,348 I came up with.
Ah ok. Fair. But my point still sands since we aren’t at close to where we would be if the OPs claim was correct. Did you challenge that as well?
Whatever.  Tell me why you think the US will follow a different trajectory?  If your accusing him of spreading misinformation/fear, then prove it.
Can I call it exponential now?
What was it you said earlier?  Do the math yourself slacker.  You have offered nothing other than conjecture.
Who says I’m panicking? I’m being realistic.
Likewise!  Is the media hype overblown? Of course but it's not without any merit. All I was saying is that comparisons to a full flu season is irrelevant until there is a full season of covid to compare to.
Hahahaha I feel so seen right now.
> You should still wash your hands and **sneeze in your arm.**  Germ Jail FTW!!
Yes exactly. Self quarantine and isolation will help with this to not overload hospital systems.
Not too bad. It’s buying market if you can. Is this the game now?  So it’s the orange mans now?  When this is passed and it comes back up then it’s still his right,
We have no idea what number we're close to.  The number of KNOWN cases is doubling every 3 days right now. There's no reason to believe the number of unknown cases isn't at LEAST doubling at the same rate.
Damn you’re a nasty little bugger aren’t you
Throwback Monday
I jokingly compared Raleigh to Wuhan and your serious response was '.. but have you considered that we have an INTERNATIONAL airport??'  You're panicking.
It’s not but ok. My point is since we don’t know people should be making up statistics.
You do you. Good luck.
We're not.  Now that we've reached critical mass of infected patients in the greater population, the number of known cases is doubling every 3 days.  That's a provable statistic.

Good Samaritan & Volunteer Efforts Due To Coronavirus

With food banks, it is much easier for them if you donate money or time rather than food. I’ve been seeing that around lately. Something to be cognizant of.
I don't have a ton of money to contribute, but I thought about donating some time and delivering food to seniors or something. I'm wanting to protect myself and working from home, but I would be willing to try and work something out if I could. I have a vehicle, time, and willingness.   I do not want to go through any sort of church group though, so I guess that may limit my options.
Great idea! Obviously the largest needs will get more apparent once this thing really ramps up, but this is a good start.
My child's school is doing a food drive!! They just sent out a flyer, but bring canned meat, WATER, pasta, mac and cheese, peanut butter, canned veggies and fruit....any non perishables kids would like. Please, please, if you can get anything and bring it out to Zebulon Elementary that would be amazing.   Something like 70% of the school gets free lunches, and they do free breakfast for everyone already. So many students depend on those meals, and two unexpected weeks away from school could be devastating for them.   Please, anything helps!!
I saw another post online suggesting purchasing gift cards/gift certificates directly from small businesses (like restaurants) so you can support them while business may be low, and treat yourself once things (hopefully) improve.
I might be able to do ate diapers! Where would I donate them to?
Don’t forget to consider donating your tickets to any non-profit arts organizations who may be canceling shows to protect the health of their musicians, actors, patrons, and staff. Not as important as donating goods to families in need, but just wanted to put it out there!
This is probably even more important now, when they can probably get great bulk deals on all the fresh produce and dairy from suppliers who can't offload their stock at stores.
Hey man- meals on wheels volunteer drivers are often retirees (people who should be staying home as much as possible) so they may be looking for more help asap. Give them a call, they are next to ncsu and right behind the state farmers market.
That’s a great idea!! Thank you for sharing.
We will keep brainstorming
Let’s get a list going and add to it so we have a baseline when things get worse.
Can you post a screenshot of the flyer here?
That is a great idea!!! Thank you
Interact of Wake County (women’s shelter) might be a good starting point.  Let me check on a few others
I will check it out, thanks.
Yeah sure thing, feel free to PM me if you can figure something out.
I just made a seperate post about it.
I’ll work on some ideas this weekend!
Thank you!

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now


North Carolina official say 8th coronavirus case reported

Another Biogen-related case.

My notes from this morning’s NC coronavirus task force meeting - not sure if this is helpful but I just posted my notes from the Governor’s briefing this morning. Sometimes it helps to have more info than just the headlines so passing along each dept’s update:

/u/kaseycunningham this IS helpful, thank you for sharing!
Thanks Kasey!
Thank you for posting this.  Did they give any specifics about ramping up testing - how many tests are available, can we get more, if so how/how many, any plans for mass testing?
Thank you for putting this out there, really appreciate the effort at transparency and helping us get a better understanding of what's going on.
Thank you!
:)
Ugh, schools have to be absolute breeding grounds.
Of course he did, because fuck everyone else! Wtf is wrong with these idiots?
:)
They’ve done 121 tests in NC with 21 tests still pending. The PowerPoint said supplies available for 700 patients so I’m trying to get clarification on if this means “test kits” specifically
It’s the least I can do! It’s a lot of info coming in, wish I had more answers!
Thanks Kasey
:)
Maybe they didn’t know? Stop rushing to judgement. This whole site thinks they’re fucking angels who would never go out in public with a stuffy nose.
Thanks for the update.  Here’s what’s posted at 220 Swinburne today  https://i.imgur.com/4r3suSl.jpg
:)
Generally, I have found that Americans who have children don’t care about anyone else at all.
Wow! I didn’t see this! Mind if send to the newsroom?
Sure thing

You want to know how you get the coronavirus? I give you the NC coronavirus task force.

Ok, but ingrained habits are so bloody hard to notice, let alone break!  I'm probably gonna die, right?
THE SIMULATION IS BREAKING
Leadership like that is hard to find. It will be even harder to find them 2-4 weeks from now.
come on you shitting me or is this just a group passing a mic along?
its been fun everyone!
*I move away from the mic to breathe clean air*
[https://twitter.com/Davefox2/status/1237906382193438720](https://twitter.com/Davefox2/status/1237906382193438720)
Holy fuck. It's every person for themselves. Seriously. TRUST NO ONE. Dirty dirty feckers everywhere.
To be fair to them, being in close proximity to one another is more likely to spread the virus far more easily than them passing the mic.
We're doomed!
Hahahaha
Oh dear .
Haha I almost posted this!!
is this for real?
Fak.
These boomers gonna get us all infected.
As much as they tax us, you'd think they could afford more than one microphone.
/u/JeffJacksonNC -- might want to bring this up to someone...
Can we please keep the up count to 666?  k thx
RIP /u/midlifecrackers gone but not forgotten
I've survived 30 something flu seasons myself so...
The NPCs are spreading the virus, avoid all NPCs.
[https://www.wral.com/latest-dhhs-ups-coronavirus-count-in-nc-to-15-people/19008116/](https://www.wral.com/latest-dhhs-ups-coronavirus-count-in-nc-to-15-people/19008116/)
And the first dude rubbed his nose and then immediately touched the mic
Chocolate RaaaAAAAAAaaiiiiiiin....
This is mostly true. The mic is definitely capable of transmitting the disease, but our task force for this sort of thing is also capable of preparing for that. That being said, proximity probably isn't much of an issue either, if anyone is sick they're probably at home. If not they're carrying it and don't know, in which case they shouldn't spread it as much as you would believe as it's mostly spread through respiratory debris droplets. I'd assume anyone with a cough not related to some sort of smoking issue is staying home.
The state health director was wary of the mic.        Props to her She does seem smart and well prepared
More likely that young people who treat it like no big deal will get the boomers infected
ok boomer
AV is usually the last thing considered and first thing to go in these rooms when they budget for a room build.  They are more worried about the trim, the colors of the chairs, etc.  When they go over budget they say, "Eh, just get a cheaper projector and only buy two mics."  Then when they have a meeting they bitch because the sound is bad, they have to pass the mic around and the projector is hard to see.  I know, I've helped to design and support room AV for meetings like this and one of those guys in particular.
 I have.
Sucks that this isn’t the flu then huh
Well the problem isn’t that everybody who gets this virus dies. The problem is that it is super contagious and the older population is at a much higher risk of having complications from it.   I’m personally not that worried about it killing me; if I get it, I get it. What I’m worried about is if I get it and go see my parents before I’m showing symptoms because they are above 60 and health problems.   This whole ‘panic’ over this virus isn’t because everyone is self-centered thinking “well I’ve survived the flu before, people are dumb for being so cautious.” It’s due to the highly contagious nature and for those most at risk.
They took a corona to the knee...
15 people + the corona virus task force
Can we all just stop this generational shit flinging contest and wash our goddamn hands?
Even better!  Cull that herd.   -GenX
so true i did AV tech work and I was appalled at the budget spent on chairs, tables and chair rails ( the wooden decorations placed on a wall ). Then they needed 4 forms filled out for an adaptor because the users always needed an hdmi to vga plug.
Yeah, I'm betting you nailed it.
Thanks Jeff!
You mean the flu that has killed far more people? Tens of thousands of deaths in the USA every single year, tens of millions of infections per year?   Yet people don't empty the stores out of toilet paper and masks that are intended for painters and the like, not people trying to avoid disease. The country doesn't shut everything down.  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/preliminary-in-season-estimates.htm  China, the epicenter of Corona, has had a little over 3 thousand deaths.   https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/  Facts are facts. Hysteria is not.
This deserves all of the upvotes.
"A state health lab has completed tests for coronvirus infection on 67 people, with another 21 pending, officials said. All but one of the people tested have known the contact that might have linked them to the virus.  The lab has supplies to test approximately 700 people, and supplies to test another 900 are on backorder."  15 is what percentage of 67?    More than 20% of those tested have come back positive and we all know there are many who cant or are not getting tested.   Yeh the numbers are gonna go thrrough the roof once more than dozens of folks are able to be tested
Good lord, I wish we could.  The "it's the boomers' fault!!1!" constant cry is identically as simple-minded (in terms of not being able to see multi-factorial factors in something) as boomers who shout about how the young people are ruining everything (or whatever).    It's so freaking stupid and does nothing but advance even more ignorance into everyday conversation.
Intra generational bickering is part of human nature. Try not get too upset over it.   People were born into a world they didn’t consent to, so yeah, they’re gonna criticize those who came before them for the state of things. And older people will criticize the younger generation because in doing this they are seemingly being ungrateful
"I bought this new Macbook last month, why doesn't the room just have the Apple video connector flavor of the week?  Everybody uses Mac!"  Or my favorite "This room used to have an HDMI cable, why did you take it out?" (it never did) I've heard and seen it all.
The fact that you don’t know the difference between total deaths of a virus that has already spread worldwide and a new virus that is spreading and for which we have no antibodies says plenty.  The fact that you are using raw number of deaths instead of mortality *rates* says even more.  The fact that you think you are smarter than the WHO, the health organizations of countries with better ranked health systems than the us, and the US cdc tells me you have no business telling anyone else about science
This comment is going to age like milk.  But I hope I'm wrong.
Funny how you’re comparing total deaths of a virus with millions of cases and a total mortality rate of around 1% with a brand new virus with only thousands of documented cases and a current 5% mortality rate
The coronavirus is just as contagious as the flu, yet the death rate is much higher. The flu has killed way more people because, duh, the coronavirus has only been identified for what, 3 months? Out of all resolved cases  (where patients either recovered or died) the death rate is 7%. If the same amount of people got the coronavirus as the flu, which is plausible as they are equally as contagious, the death toll would be up to 70 times that of the flu, which already kills 34,000 people per year. This "mass hysteria" is to prevent as many deaths as possible from a disease that our healthcare system cannot handle.
That's bad math. The people tested aren't randoms, they're directly linked to an infected person.
Refusing to accept our own nature and working to better ourselves, to rise above our own outdated genetic programming, is also part of human nature.  Shunning an outsider out of fear or mistrust may be acceptable behavior for an ape, but a human can do better.
It’s already spoiled
I post data, you post personal attacks and put words in my mouth. Shame that internet forum discussions tends to be this way.  :-/
COVID is more contagious than the flu according to an article I read yesterday.
thats fair.  I do think its safe to assume there are many others who would be positive if they were tested even if they are not directly linked to an infected person.  We wont know because there just are not many test kits out ther to be used despite what the admin tells us.
We are apes tho. It’s nice to have an idealistic view of humanity, but we’re just a bunch of apes at the end of the day, following our animal instincts and throwing shit at each other.
Well then maybe get off the internet, boomer.
Acknowledging what we currently are doesn't mean we have to accept it as set in stone.  Striving to overcome our limitations is part of what makes us human.
I understand that but personally feel the opposite. I feel the more we strive to live within the ever expanding and rigid social structures, the more we stray from our animalistic roots. I believe the psychological impact on trying to adapt and live in a system we aren’t evolved to do, leads millions into hopelessness, despair, and depression.  Not gonna provide a solution, because they aren’t simple, but I just don’t think that a constant thriving for improved excellence and growth is conductive to personal happiness and wellbeing.  Sometimes just accepting we’re all pretty shitty creatures, something that has always been and will always be, makes it a lot easier for me to navigate life and make sense of what’s happening around me.
Acceptance of one's limitations is, in its own way, inherently noble.  If that worldview brings you peace of mind, then who am I to question its subjective value to you?

Corona virus is in wake county


Corona Virus is here. WASH YOUR HANDS.

We know it’s been posted nine million times here’s the mega these:  https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fd23zz/megathread_novel_coronovirus19/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

There are more cases of confirmed Corona Virus in Raleigh.

Hey OP I appreciate the thought, truly I believe it’s coming from a place of love for your community, but speculating that schools will be closed in the next 2 weeks is so detrimental to people like me who do work in a school. All morning long panicked parents have seen posts like this (possibly this one as someone cited reddit less than an hour ago but I didn’t check to see when you posted this) claiming that they “saw that schools were going to be closed” and have called, some angry that I have no answers for them as WCPSS has not adjusted their previous statement and my job is to act based on that. Please trust in the system. I can’t believe I’m saying that because I am just as nervous and skeptical as anyone else, but let people who work in public health and welfare do their job.  I have all of our students best interests at heart and believe that anyone who is worried should keep their kids home but it is unexcused at this time as there is no confirmed action. If that changes so will our plan. But please please please stop speculating. They will report it to the public when the public NEEDS to know and be concerned. All the best for your family♥️
How did you hear of this?
Are you a public health official or disease expert? If not, stop with speculation and fear mongering.
I appreciate your response. Sorry your job is hard right now.
https://amp.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241055751.html
https://amp.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241055751.html
OP telling us not panic yet makes a post with unconfirmed info? Yeah this shit Is getting old!   OP there’s a mega thread already.
It's a heads up. Take it how you'd like. It's what all other areas with outbreaks are doing.   You will see this news later. I promise.
♥️♥️♥️
Per our district memo: it is important to note state officials have specifically recommended that schools NOT be closed.  Thanks! They capitalized, I did not editorialize.
> I'm not trying to fear monger, because I don't think it's worth being frightened. It is worth being prepared for though.  Then maybe don't post about something you heard from a person who heard it from another person. If it's true, we'll have official sources communicating it soon. There is no need for your to post this regardless if it's true or not.
Thanks for your reply. Don't worry , I wont attack you for sharing info.
No one needs your heads up if you're not a public health official, a disease expert, or somehow a person who's actually worth listening to.
I’d rather wait for a creditable source but thanks. FYI there’s a mega thread going.......
So much for hearing about this later.
Here we are, 13 days later.
I read that in the article I sent as well. Would not surprise me to see closures soon though. I am speculating on that. Just look at what other countries are doing and the numbers that correlate. Sorry you're caught up in the middle of the parent/school communication.
You'll find out later then on TV.
Did you happen to prepare?
All good man.
https://amp.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241055751.html
I'm sorry it bothers you, but I'm going to let people know regardless.   Best of luck.
https://amp.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241055751.html
Check the news.
You called that shit, dude.
👏 👏 👏
10 days ago....
You were right, but maybe revisiting a 2 week old post to be shitty about it is a bit petty.
Possibly provide a credible source and we may appreciate it but then again.........
Happy to hear it dude. Hopefully it calms down some soon.
Maybe.
A text that I claim is from someone credible still isn't credible to anyone here, as they're easily faked. That being said I'll upload a screenshot
Negative hearsay is NEVER credible save your SS but I’ll take a credible source.   FYI there is a mega thread for this bullshit.
Do like the others who are upset with this news and wait for the television to tell you.
Nope I do wait for credible sources not my brothers uncles friends cousin said.......
Ignore these people - a number of folks on here who are either too afraid to admit this is a problem or just enjoy boot-licking. Tell them you are a government official and they will believe whatever you want.
Really hyperbolic of you. Best of luck.
Thanks. Has been a furious comment section with little to no tact, name calling, and degrading phrasing.  Hopefully a few people will get prepared. I'm not trying to incite panic, I'm trying to give a heads up to people to be prepared for if a panic hits.
https://amp.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241055751.html
Give us credible info from a credible source and we won’t give you shit. You should have known better to post hearsay on such a hot topic. You are trying to incite fear go somewhere else and do that shit.
My intentions are pure. Your words don't bother me. Take your hostility somewhere else. You're incredibly unpleasant and lack the ability to express yourself effectively. Keep parroting your responses if you'd like. I don't accept criticism from people I wouldn't take advice from. When this post comes to fruition remind yourself of your childish demeanor and uncalled for vitriol. Best of luck.
It's not hearsay. The hospital let all staff know. Talk to literally anyone who works there. They had a patient come in this morning, tested positive at ten a.m, and then the CDC came and confirmed it. I'm not inciting fear, I'm giving you early access to information. Apparently you don't even comprehend the words you use because you've been strictly derogatory. I'll speculate some more that you're either mentally not all there, or taking medicine that inhibits your brain function. I don't care what you think, because you're wrong. Best of luck.
As a health care provider I don’t buy your hearsay hows that?
How shitty if it is true to post to post private medical info online! If you work in health care you suck. Just saw your comment sweetie wrong I’m an RN with a masters so try again.
For anyone reading she is retired and doesn't work.
Lol you're probably a phlebotomist or washed up nurse who's had too many meds. My ex runs the anesthesiology department. And once again, since you have zero comprehension skills, just wait for the news to come on.
Youre not an RN. I posted no personal information. A real medical professional would know the difference.
That's just hearsay, have any credible proof of that?  And don't worry, the CDC will tell you soon enough.
Hmmmm zero credible proof just as I thought! Give up OP
Is that what you think this is? A win or lose argument? Sure then, you win. Best of luck
Big story release NOT
Check the news.
After you insulted me why the fuck are you bothering me dude? I give zero fucks what you have to say buddy!
I'm not saying anything. It's public officials and medical professionals, just like you.  Best of luck.
Listen dude I’m educated I’m using common, you have yet to expose some secret news come back when you have legit confirmed info please. Jesus Christ why would you search an old post to bother me like really????
Because I wanted to remind you that I was right and you were wrong. I only tried to give you a heads up and you spoke to me disrespectfully and claimed my intentions were to incite panic by spreading lies. Welcome to the state of emergency. Get ready for the schools to close. I made it a point to show you because you were rude for no reason.   Btw, you were wrong.   https://amp.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241055751.html
Big fucking deal it’s not at panic level and assholes like you getting wound up like you are are the big issue currently. Please fuck off go smoke a blunt or six but leave me alone please!
It's literally exactly what you asked me to show you.
From what I've read in your history thats how you deal with everything in life. Why are you projecting your unhealthy solutions? It's clear by your post history that you are intoxicated at work.    I'm relaxed. I'm feeling nice, prepared, and vindicated. Best of luck.
Intoxicated at work? For fucks sake asshole I’m not the addict here not to mention I’ve been retired for a good bit but ok.
https://www.reddit.com/r/triangle/comments/fgy5pc/coronavirus_why_you_should_take_this_seriously/  This is our senator.
>as a healthcare provider  I guess you meant former healthcare provider.  >I'm not the addict here  Whatever you need to tell yourself. I post in r/opiates, just like you. I've seen you.
Schools=closed, just wanted to lyk. Almost exactly 2 weeks later. Almost like someone who knows what's going on was trying to prepare you.   Best of luck.
Best of luck.

How can I be of help to those who are most in need during corona virus?

You could call nursing homes and offer to run errands and shop for the people that live there- I was just at the grocery and overheard so many saying how terrified they were for being there.
tableraleigh (copies from Instagram)Want to help? The Interfaith Food Shuttle needs us! They need food prep help, delivery, packers for backpacks, and packets for senior grocery bags. They are preparing blast frozen meals in 1 week groupings for kids, casseroles or family style meals for families who are sheltering in place.⁣ ⁣ Reach out to Mynikah on staff to help: Mynikah@foodshuttle.org
The single most essential, vital and important thing that I rely on is for the City of Raleigh, the Town of Cary and Wake County to keep the community centers and the libraries open.
A more recent thread here suggested the Center for Volunteer Caregiving http://www.volunteercaregiving.org/.  I'm considering- need karma points for my 99yo mom who lives in another state, if  nothing else. ❤❤
One thing coronavirus will not be stoping is kitten season. We are overwhelmed with kittens in NC this time of year. I’m sure any of the shelters/ agencies would appreciate the help, I’m guessing the regular volunteer load may take a hit. Just a suggestion.
I gotchu [https://www.volunteermatch.org/](https://www.volunteermatch.org/)
Prayer
Just curious, why libraries?
When I was homeless I spent many of my days at the library. It's a place that's out of the elements, has computers and internet available for job searches or trying to locate resources, and of course bathrooms and free water.   I'm sure there's other reasons libraries are essential, that's just the one I'm personally familiar with.
Internet access! So many students will be needing to get online for coursework and this is the best access point.
I spend 6 hours a day in the library. It is how I get everything done, get all my information, get all my news, stay informed, communicate, stay out of the sun, out of the cold, out of the heat, out of the rain, etc.........
Gotcha, thanks!
Gotcha, that makes sense. Stay safe out there friend

Raleigh Target employee test positive for corona virus
Target in west [Raleigh.](https://www.cbs17.com/community/health/coronavirus/raleigh-target-store-worker-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/)
I know where I'm getting my TP tomorrow
I couldn’t help but laugh at the fact that I read this in the parking lot after buying a few things and roaming around the store maybe 20 minutes after the article was posted
West Raleigh is not the same as Brier Creek.
Hoo boy
Wife and I were there 3 days ago.  Shouldn't they need to reveal whether it was a cashier and their shift time at least?
I'm new to the area and just went to a target yesterday. This just had me frantically trying to figure out which one I went to lol.
Go scrub your body in bleach jk
Thanks for saying this. I live in (actual) west Raleigh and was concerned because 1) if there's a Target over here, I haven't seen it and THEN 2) the whole coronavirus thing.
Brier Creek might as well be a different town.
I know the person who has it. They have limited guest interaction.
I hope they do. I was there at least twice this past week.
Exactly, I was there on Thursday morning was a brief visit but I had a young black male help me on the cashier line. I'd like to know what to do
This one is in Brier Creek commons, near the airport.
In their website the Brier creek is referred to as "NW", the Grove Barton location (near Raleigh grand) is referred to as "Hwy 70".
I hope they recover quickly.  Do you know if they visited other Targets?
Do they put their hands on product?
I hope they are fine.  I was there Thursday and the staff I interacted with did not seem to be taking this seriously.  Clearly they will be now so it may be the safest store to shop at.
Yeah, I knew this was in Brier Creek (from the article) but I had no idea what Target I went to. I wouldn't know Brier Creek from Avent Ferry at this point lol. I literally type "(STORE) near me" into google when I want to go somewhere and choose the closest one. Turns out I was at Walnut St.
Not that I know of.
COVID-19 is a lipid encase respiratory virus that does not survive long outside the body so its not going to be hanging around on product waiting to infect people.
At the stores in the district that I’ve been to, they are following the cleaning guidelines that corporate announced. At all times there is someone assigned to disinfect surfaces in high traffic areas, covering each area at least every half hour. We have other special cleaning guidelines for off stage areas too to help prevent worker to worker transmission. A lot of the workers are choosing to wear gloves and we are providing them for them. We are a grocery store and have CVS pharmacies. We NEED to be open. The pharmacy alone is a big deal. People need their medicine and some insurances will only allow them to get so much at one time. I get that this is scary and it is a business that makes money but some people do depend on us. Think big picture. Other retail workers will be infected at other vital stores too but in the end they have to stay open.
That's actually in Cary, so you should be good. Welcome to the area btw.
Was reading on Reddit last night that in lab settings it can "survive" up to 3 hours on cardboard, 24 hours on stainless steel. Is that not correct?
The CVS at that store has you sign the screen with your finger as they say the pens wont work on that machine.  The sanitizer bottle was 100% empty next to it, the guy at the counter made an offhand comment of "good luck with that" and when I asked if they were wiping down the screens I was told no.  Thats at the pharmacy where sick people are waiting in line.   I was picking up meds that I need so I signed with my finger and then used the sanitizer I had in my purse.  It didn't give me warm and fuzzies, I said something about it.   I just didn't feel they were taking it seriously.
Thank you, now I just need to make some friends lol.
Yes, that's correct but in reality that means by the time the information had made it to consumers, the virus is already dead on inert surfaces.  Having people thinking that is waiting for them on most surfaces will not help in reducing panic.  I am not saying that you were doing this nor am I trying to download the disease.  Accuracy is important during a pandemic
You know that signing the screen that everyone else uses and signing with the pen that everyone else uses exposes you to the same thing right? I’m not sure who you spoke to but the way you are phrasing your interaction doesn’t make sense to me. You asked if they wiped down the screen and the guy said, “No, good luck with that?” Can you elaborate? Not trying to discredit you if you had a bad interaction I’m just trying to understand the interaction fully.   Also the hand sanitizer that they had, was it Up and Up brand? Because the only way we get any hand sanitizer in a bottle is if we requisition (use store money to buy it) it from our current inventory. For the past 3 or so weeks every bottle we get goes to the guests we haven’t been pulling any for store use.
Hello, new friend!
I have no idea what brand it was I don't pay attention.  You may think your explanation makes me feel like you are just trying to have inventory for customers, but I read it as Target is too cheap to pay for sanitizer  during this crisis for the customers that are in their stores in an area that is highly more likely to be spreading germs.  Plus they would miss out on that $3 extra dollars of profit from the sale. You go into the grocery stores and there are wipes as you walk in for the carts, why wouldn't Target provide the same at the pharmacy?   There was an empty bottle on the counter for previous customers to use, they knew it was empty but didn't remove it.  so of course you go to push the handle and nothing comes out which is what the "good luck with that" was about.  If there is a pen I grab it with a tissue I carry,  using your finger on  a screen, a tissue doesn't usually register.  I know you are trying to protect your brand but you are trying to discredit my experience and I find that sad.
Well hello there lol
You are upset that we don’t provide wipes at the pharmacy for every guest for every transaction? We never said we would. I don’t know if a single store that would.   Imagine if people found out that we weren’t selling inventory so we can use it at the store. We already get accused of hoarding supplies in the back. We have the budget to requisition every bottle that comes in and some. It has nothing to do about Target being “cheap”. You just aren’t thinking big picture. You are fortunate to have hand sanitizer in your purse. A lot if people don’t have that luxury because they can’t find any. With the limits put in place I’ve had people say to me, “this is the first time I’ve seen toilet paper in a week”. We are here to provide the most that we can for the masses. Do you know what I find sad? That you think we should deny people the opportunity to buy something they want and need so you can use it when you are in our stores. Get off your panicked entitled high horse, stop being selfish, and wake up.   I wasn’t trying to discredit you but you moving away from the question about the interaction is making it seem as if your story is fabricated.  I am protecting my brand. I have “drank the Kool-Aid” as some of my peers put it. I enjoy my work with my company. The thing I dislike the most about my work, is having to deal with unreasonable outlandish requests. It’s nice to have the freedom on here to actually fire back a little.
You seriously have to be using inventory to clean your store, that makes no sense or are you not cleaning your store? Grocery stores are still providing wipes for each customer.  I was simply asking if they wiped down the screen, I had expected a simple yes if someone comes in sneezing we do.  The fact that it was no should cause everyone concern.   I am entitled, entitled to good customer service that is sensitive to good cleaning practices.  P.S. I'm hoarding my one and only 2 oz sample bottle of sanitizer I found while going thru every single drawer and closet in my house.. boy look me.. going crazy.
We pull hand sanitizer for check lanes.... we have commercial grade chemical cleaners to clean the store. Do you clean your house with hand sanitizer? I stated the stores are being cleaned already. Anything else you want to try and get me on? I feel like the conversation with you is just going in circles.

Because of the Corona Virus our will be doing a live stream this week. Please check us out and we'd love the suppot!


Does anyone know how the new Corona virus bill affect NC 1099-filers applying for unemployment benefits?
I know there’s something in the bill about an extra $600/week. I’m a piano teacher who’s lost some of his income, but not all. The school classes I teach have been canceled. I’m still able to teach some students on Skype, but not all.Do we have to file through NC? Or is there a federal application?Does the extra $600/wk filter through to NC? I’ve heard that NC has only been approving up to 30% of filers. So that doesn’t make me hopeful. But the extra $600/wk thing makes me hopeful. Just looking for some clarity on how to get some or all of that, whatever I’ve got coming to me according to the laws.
I can help you out ! Here’s the latest info:  “Through July 31, 2020, the federal government will provide a temporary Federal Pandemic Unemployment Compensation (FPUC) benefit of $600 a week for any worker eligible for state or federal unemployment compensation (UC) benefits. The FPUC would be paid in addition to and at the same time (but not necessarily in the same check) as regular state or federal UC benefits.  Moreover, eligible workers who otherwise qualify for state unemployment will receive the full $600 FPUC benefit even if they earned less than that amount before becoming unemployed.  The CARES Act also creates a temporary Pandemic Unemployment Assistance program through December 31, 2020, to provide payments to those not traditionally eligible for unemployment benefits who are unable to work as a direct result of the COVID-19 public health emergency. Expanded eligibility would provide benefits to self-employed individuals, independent contractors, “gig economy” workers, and individuals who were unable to start a new job or contract due to the pandemic. Individuals would apply for these temporary new federal benefits at the state UC office, and states would be fully reimbursed for the cost of benefits and administration.  Unemployed North Carolina workers will be eligible for an additional 13 weeks of unemployment benefits after regular benefits are exhausted.  This supplemental unemployment benefit is available through December 31, 2020.”   From this article: https://www.wardandsmith.com/articles/enhanced-unemployment-assistance-under-the-cares-act  Edit: so you just need to apply for state unemployment and that should automatically apply you for the federal payout. If your regular state unemployment claim is denied but you fall into the self employed bucket you are supposed to contact the state unemployment office again and inquire about this specific federal program. That’s what I got from the article anyway.
Can someone help me? I live in Connecticut and I'm looking for unemployment benefits due to the Coronavirus. Will be a 1099 filer for the first time this year . Does anyone know how to figure out or where to go when looking for unemployment benefits in these cases.
Hypothetically it should, but it's up to NC. At this point NC only approves \~10% of unemployment applications (49th in the nation), but fingers crossed for you.
Thanks! Still somewhat unclear to me what are the requirements for unemployment under federal or state benefits.  I understand that NC only approves a small number of claims. As a self-employed person with reduced hours, am I more likely to be approved if I apply for federal unemployment benefits? Should I apply for both and see how it shakes out?
All I know is my understanding it’s all done through the state. I found North Carolina’s unemployment website through a Google search, and I’m sure you can do the same for Connecticut. That said, the NC site is confusing and often down. Filing is a total pain in the ass and most people here don’t end up being eligible. I don’t know if I will be or not. And I have no idea how long it will take to find out. Probably weeks.
I thought I had read that since Corona virus they were approving up to 30%. Either way, not good odds. So I’m wondering if there’s a place to file for Federal unemployment or reduced employment benefits, and what are the odds of being approved for those.
Search this sub there’s been tons of posts on this and I don’t remember the details they e removed all the conditions at this point. Search for Jess Jackson posts I believe he laid the guidelines out in detail. Good luck!   Edit https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fpzfqv/heres_the_situation_with_unemployment_insurance/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Yeah, could be, I'm just going based on what State Senator Jeff Jackson recently wrote but maybe that has changed now. In any case, it's worth filing and hoping for the best. Hope it works out for you.
I’m not seeing anything in past posts about how the up-to-$600/week component of the federal bill applies to NC unemployment. Is it included automatically? Do we need to apply separately for federal unemployment benefits?
It has changed, they’ve added a $600/week unemployment benefit for anyone qualifying for state unemployment.   Additionally, anyone making under $99,000 will get a less than $1200 one time check, anyone making under $75,000 will get $1200 one time.
The post he made yesterday said N.C. weekly allotment is 49th in the nation at $277 a week for 12 weeks giving the average unemployed person a total of approximately $3,300 in benefits. I’ve read nothing on federal unemployment and honestly never heard of it. As far as federal funds it’s the stimulus check only.
I know that. I meant if % of people being approved has changed.
[Second paragraph ](http://social.techcrunch.com/2020/03/26/stimulus-gig-workers-covid-19-coronavirus-uber/)
Here’s a post from the CLT sub it appears it was approved but each state needs to approve and it’s $600 on top of the Max not $600 a week.   https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fqqbrg/unemployment/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I think the key word is “COULD” as in it might possibly happen not promised or at lest that’s my take. The only promised funds I know of is unemployment and the federal stimulus check.
“Extra $600/wk”. That’s what I’ve been saying
This is the bill that has been signed.
Right it’s an extra $600 but from what I’m taking it as and I could be wrong it looks as if it’s up to each individual state but I could be completely wrong. Good luck!!
Ok so then if you applied for unemployment and are entitled to it then you will get it. Unemployment checks won’t be coming out for a good six weeks at the soonest according to Jeff Jackson. His post if you search for it was yesterday and he lays everything out very simply no where did it say you needed to apply elsewhere for extra funds. If federal funds are available my guess is they’d be funneled through regular unemployment.
That’s how I’m reading it too. That’s unfortunate. It’s the kind of thing I can see North Carolina not participating in even though it wouldn’t cost us a dime.
I was hoping for something beyond a guess but maybe that’s the best we have right now. Thanks.
Honestly my heart sunk when I read it bc I had the same thoughts! Something has to give bc before this stay at home ends I’d bet we’ll have more residents unemployed vs employed.
I agree I’d hoped for more for folks as well, these are scary times for sure! Good luck!

North Carolina governor orders all public schools to close for at least two weeks as more residents test positive for SARS-CoV-2


