Not trying to freak people out...But I was "told" through a second hand source that there has been 3 confirmed cases of the COVID- 19 virus in or around Charlotte. Has anyone heard anything similar?

Zero need to freak out if it’s not here yet it’s gonna be. Good hand washing, keeping three feet between yourself and anyone coughing or sneezing, no handshaking, no hugging just use good common sense. Chronically ill folks are the ones who need be the most vigilant at this time. Panic serves zero purpose!!
This answer ! 👌👌
Not panicking as I have already prepped as best I can. But I do fear that a whole lot of people have not and are not taking it seriously at all.
Have you peeped the corona circle jerk oh I mean subs lately?? Reading that sub makes me worry not bc of corona but bc this world is full of idiots.
From a second hand “source” I’d take it with a grain of salt. Fear/panic whatever you choose to call it is going to serve no one any good. Be prepared, protect yourself the best you can and use good common sense. If that makes me “appear” to not take it seriously I’m ok with that.   Edit: why post a discussion and then delete it??

COVID-19 in CLT. Please don’t buy all the T.P. It’s gonna be okay.


Second case of COVID-19 confirmed in Chatam County, North Carolina

"The state said the patient is a man from Chatham County who traveled to Italy in an area with a COVID-19 outbreak. This person was a contact to a case in Georgia and the Georgia Department of Health notified North Carolina health officials"     Unrelated to the first case in Wake County a few days ago.
People panicking over a common cold, the media has done a great job of spreading this doom and gloom. The flu kills more people every year yet we don't see this kind of chicken little behavior. I'm 70 and I'm not worried about this. Seen so many things over the past 50 years that was supposed to wipe us out. WAKE UP PEOPLE! YOU ARE BEING PLAYED!
bUt ITS jUSt ThE Flu?????????????????
It wont be long until its 10  Then 50  Then 300  Look at the other countries  People need to stay at home
Don't know if you're just trolling, but if you really are 70, please take this seriously and take some precautions for your health. The case fatality rate (CFR) for COVID-19 in those who are 70-79 is 8% per the World Health Organization (WHO). If there is a community spread in Charlotte, please consider staying at home and staying safe from others with more mild cases that could infect you.
I mean the flu kills people too, remember the swine flu pandemic? Estimated 500,000+ deaths worldwide
This circle jerk is worse than the people who say "its just the flu."
I'm glad you admit you don't give a shit about older people and those who are immunocompromised. Always nice to be reminded about how many selfish assholes live in Charlotte.   Remember that the biggest danger is hospitals being overwhelmed by the 15-20% of cases that require a person to be isolated in an ICU. The US has less than 100000 ICU beds around the country, many of which are already being used for seasonal flu and other health matters. If even a million Americans get infected then our already near capacity health system will fall apart.  BTW, there have been several cases of young healthy adults dying from this virus, including a healthy 22 year old  football star in Iran dying.
14 days ago Italy had 2 confirmed cases. As of yesterday this was their numbers  Total confirmed: 3858 (+769)  * Active cases: 3296 (+590), divided in 1155 (+91) self-quarantine, 1790 (+446) hospitalized, 351 (+56) in ICU * Deceased: 148 (+41) \[age range is 66-94\] * Recovered: 414 (+138) * Tested: 32362 (+2525)  We have no idea though how many cases are being tested in the US or NC so the numbers might get this high and we might not even know
Wouldn't be surprised if it already is, or we're well beyond, since a lot of cases are mild. Also, up until a day or two ago the US has **restricted** testing. I'm sure there're folks out there with it who think they've just got another cold/ case of the flu since they haven't traveled recently. We're going to be playing catch-up with containment.
We are beyond “just stay home”. Cases are going around worldwide, we just have no idea due to lack of testing.  Just wait a couple weeks and you’ll see the trend continue. Only question is when does it level off?  Realistically speaking, it’s not feasible for people to all self-quarantine. Not every employer is sympathetic to that and most Americans live paycheck to paycheck. And people don’t enjoy living like prisoners in their own home.  Even if people could all stay home, that has economic impact too. Production goes down or halts altogether. Money stops circulating in the economy and businesses close down.  This entire thing is a worldwide damage control game trying to balance safety and economic impact.
Yup, I got it when I was working at a fast food place in Kannapolis and I was out of it for a week.  That's partly why I can't stand people who continue to spout bullshit about this being just another cold.
No it isn’t. People still say that shit despite the ongoing ramp in cases.  Country governments are still quoting insanely and unrealistically low mortality rates trying to downplay this too.
The comment you replied to is obviously one end of the spectrum, but you’re on the other end. China was able to contain it in a province of 60MM people and a country of 1.3B. If we see 1MM Americans infected, they won’t be in the hospital at the same exact time.    I get that this needs to be taken seriously, especially the risk it poses to older people and those with compromised immune systems, but it’s gonna be ok.
According to a News & Observer [article](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article240883416.html) a couple of days, NC has tested 10-15 people, which is a joke.    Epidemiologists say that aggressive testing and early intervention is key to mitigating outbreaks that escalate quickly and can overrun the health-care system.    It is also now coming out that the US could have used the test sanctioned by the WHO, developed in Germany. Arrogance and incompetence are not a good combination in the face of a global pandemic.
At this point I think containment is impossible. There's now confirmation of multiple instances of community spread in California, Washington, New York and now Georgia/NC.
You're right, but it boils down simply:  I dont want to catch the mega flu, so im not leaving the house or interacting with other humans.  Basically, nothing changes haahha
China was able to contain it because they're an authoritarian dictatorship who ordered 700 million people (not just one province) to stay in their house on pain of death. They also shut down an entire city after only 17 deaths, were at 13 now.They also built dozens of new hospitals to deal with the massive surge that overwhelmed their medical system. The United States cannot enforce such an effective quarantine because we are a democracy and people are used to freedom of movement, there isn't enough police and military to force everyone to stay inside. Additionally, a large amount of Americans cannot afford to miss work as they're living paycheck to paycheck and don't have sick leave.  Hospitals in the US are also running usually at 80-90% capacity in good times and they rely on a just in time medical supply network that is already running low on essential PPE because of supply lines being cut down from China.  If you're basing your expectations of this pandemic based off of how things turned out in China you're being very naive.
You're right; it's more like we'll take greater pains to impede it. Right now we're largely in a "what mama don't know, won't hurt her" situation.  South Korea has drive through testing and the capacity to test up to 10k cases a day. Less than two weeks ago there were fewer than 500 testing kits for the whole state of California, and all tests had to be shipped off to the CDC in Atlanta. We've barely started looking for it.
I’m just offering a little perspective. We aren’t stopping the spread of this disease, it exists now and it probably will forever. We can figure out how to treat it and protect against it, but to the original comments point it’s being overblown by the media.  Look at the number of recoveries. Look at how many people are barely impacted even if they do have it. Think, just in terms of numbers for a second, that we’re going a little crazy over something that’s killed 3,500 people over the course of about 3 months. 55K+ have recovered. Is the kind of reporting were seeing really warranted for this? Im not sure if I can say yes to that.
You need to seperate out the outbreak in China from the outbreaks outside of China. China was able to contain it and limit the spread by using draconian measures that are impossible in the West.  Instead you should be looking at Italy and Iran as examples. Both had only a handful of cases two weeks ago and now have thousands and hundreds of deaths each.  Dr. Massoud Mardani, a member of Iran's National Influenza Committee said this the other day "We're estimating 30 to 40 percent of Tehran's population will be infected with COVID-19 by March 20," Tehran has a population of 12 million people   At the current rate of progress cases are doubling every 1.5-2 days. At this rate, unless there is widespread and strict quarantines, there is going to be over a million cases in Europe and likely hundreds of thousands in America by the end of the month.
You’re not wrong about separating China and using Italy and Iran as more comparable examples to us. The numbers in the states are going to explode when our testing finally catches up over the next few weeks.  My point is just that obsessing over this seems fruitless. It’s clear where our attention should be: figuring out how to effectively treat it, which should lower the mortality rate, and figuring out how to effectively protect against it going forward. We can’t expect anything else, it’s here and it’s probably here for good, so the incessant reporting of every case is only good for one thing and that’s raising anxiety levels throughout the public.
The only way to treat severe cases (~10%) is with a breathing machine in an ICU. Of which there are less than 100,000 in the US. Antiviral drugs have little effect on it and there is no natural immunity antibodies out there as it's a novel virus.  What we need to do is rather prepare for how much thing is going to completely change our every day lives. We need to prepare agencies for helping those who cannot afford to miss work and to start securing funding to providing monetary and food assistance for those in quarantine.  People absolutely need to start making sure they have 2-3 weeks of nonperishable food and hygeine products on hand and secured. They need to figure out communication plans with work and families.  If the media constantly talks about this makes more people practice social distancing (avoiding handshakes, hugs, etc) and wash their hands and phones regularly then it's good. Downplaying this is going to make things more dangerous because people will be complacent and it will spread faster
I’m going down your post in order. I appreciate a civil back and forth even though we disagree on some key points.   What do the agencies provide to people who can’t miss work because of other sicknesses? We could start by mirroring that, I agree that would be a good step, and would lower the risks people feel like they’re taking by missing work.   I don’t know that people need to have 2-3 weeks of food and stuff on hand. That feels extremist to me. We’re talking about something that for 8/10 people is a generally mild experience. Would the food prep be for a potential personal quarantine? I also don’t understand the communication plan. We live in a time when communicating across the globe is as easy as it’s been. What do you mean by a plan?  I agree that the media coverage resulting in people being more attentive to cleanliness is a great side effect. I personally just hate that that’s what it takes to get people to do things they should already be doing.   As of now, we know very little about this. This could be something we joke about later this year or it could be something we are still dealing with months down the road. Our governments reply also hasn’t really been satisfactory in my opinion, but it appears they’re starting to come around.   We can deal with this in a way that doesn’t involve mass hysteria I think. My approach is to take the risk seriously, be smart, but also try not to get caught up in all the scary news stories. It’s an uncomfortable time without a doubt, but I’m holding out hope that things will get back to normal in a matter of months.
Right now for most states, nothing is done for people who are out of work sick unless they have sick time at their job. The majority of Americans do not have sick pay for their work. The United States is uniquely positioned to be in a terrible state to deal with a pandemic because of our lack of social safety nets that take care of people in situations like this.     You need to stockpile 2-3 weeks' worth of food in case of supply disruptions (most grocery stores only have a week's worth of food in stock), but also in case you become sick yourself.  If you go to the doctor and you are then confirmed to have COVID-19 you need to go home and quarantine yourself for 14 days at a minimum. If you don't have that food already stockpiled and you go to the grocery store...well now you're touching and spreading the virus all over the grocery store...on the carts, the shelves, the self-checkout machine, to the people you stand in line with.
Okay, I was genuinely asking about those safety nets because I didn’t know the answer, I see this is a great opportunity to potentially fix that lack of community help throughout the country.   We have grocery delivery services that kind of make that a moot point. Better safe than sorry I guess in the event that services get shut down, but I still think stockpiling food is a little over the top.   You’ve made great points. I don’t know that you’re any closer to agreeing with me on the mass hysteria dislike, but I’m a little more willing to agree with you about the precautions.
Mass hysteria is dangerous, I agree 100%. However, the alternative many people (including our federal government and CDC) practice seems to be complacency. So far in my experience in talking with people, 95% of people are not taking it seriously and have made zero preparation. Honestly, as much as it would encourage hysteria, we need to be far more proactive than reactive. We need to start shutting down schools and universities like Italy, Iran, S. Korea, and Japan have. We need to ban large gatherings and try to slow down how fast this spreads ASAP. The most important thing right now, per virologists, is to slow down the virus so it comes in waves and doesn't overwhelm our already low-supply near capacity healthcare system.  Also...grocery delivery and meal delivery is a terrible idea if you are sick. That's how you potentially infect those workers (it can spread just by aerosol particles 6 feet away). Also, there is no guarantee that those services will continue running because they rely on people, don't get complacent and expect that everything is going to stay the same as it is now.  The reason I mentioned a communication plan is that you need to plan ahead with your work and family about what will happen when there is a local community spread. You need to figure out if you can work from home and how you will get updates from your job and coworkers. You need to figure out if your children can complete their school work entirely from home. You need to understand the current status of older loved ones and make sure that they are set up with enough food and supplies to quarantine themselves proactively so they can avoid getting sick (remember that the fatality rate is 9% in 70+ and 14% in 80+)

Roy Cooper declares NC state of emergency over COVID-19


NC needs Drive-Thru COVID-19 Testing like South Korea (and now Washington State)

drives thru  takes test  thinks that was easy  receive bill for $3k in the mail 2 weeks later
just a few confirmed cases but its bound to skyrocket in the coming weeks ..  Its been nearly a month since first confirmed U.S. case and there’s still not enough testing kits for even the suspected infected.  This virus is going to be around for a long time and the experts I’ve heard speak thus far have very pessimistic outlooks on the implications for contagion in our country.  I have very little faith in the current Federal administration to combat this effectively.. it’s going to be left up to the States.
We can't even get symptomatic people tested who have traveled to hot spots within the US, we are a LONG way away from any meaningful drive-thru testing in this country, let alone NC.
I wonder if some of the drive-up windows at pharmacies might be repurposed for this.
Confirmed case traveled through the airport. Without question there are more cases out there but no way to quantify without testing. I currently have a cold but no way to test if it's covid or not.
I’m 99% sure I had H1N1 during that pandemic. No one ever offered a test even though I was treated for flu with recurring secondary infections.  The panic over coronavirus is ridiculous.
Head south to Lancaster county. MUSC has drive thru swab testing available.
Serious question...what is testing going to do?  The way I see it, the virus has no cure and no testing is going to change that.  If you are sick, you are sick. Stay home, don't spread your germs to others. Wash your hands thoroughly, observe good hygiene practices. This is sound advice ALL the time, not just now.   Aside from the elderly or already infirm, covid 19 seems to be pretty mild.   Add in that in the current state of hysteria, anyone with a runny nose is likely to want to get tested. Allegeries, the common cold, even the flu are all going to be mistaken for coronavirus.
Calm down...
Stop being selfish and think about the insurance executives bonuses.
Luckily, the testing for covid is free, the other healthcare costs aren't though.
If you have a transponder and a second passenger it only costs 2,995
Same. I’ve been sick for three weeks with some respiratory/bronchitis thing and I went to the doctor(again)last week and they said that the protocol in our state was to only test people who were hospitalized or have recently traveled out of the country, as there were only 500 tests available.
That's great news.
You have to be diagnosed with it to qualify for paid sick leave with many companies .   Also, it’s a little more serious if you have covid 19 vs a cold ,  staying completely away from elders becomes more important as well.
Seriously, even in Italy where it’s apparently the end of the world only like 0.02% of the population have it.
It's the election. Plus I was remembering back and though Twitter and Facebook were a thing during the H1N1 pandemic, it wasn't as prevalent, neither was remote work. So now you've got a bunch of people "working from home" watching CNN that's blaring nonstop about how we're all going to die, then tweeting about it.
> You have to be diagnosed with it to qualify for paid sick leave with many companies  That's legit  >Also, it’s a little more serious if you have covid 19 vs a cold , staying completely away from elders becomes more important as well  I stay away from people if I'm sick now. It's just a courtesy because no one wants me spreading my sick germs, whether it's a cold, the flu, or covid 19. That's just a basic common sense measure that I wish others would more often extend to their fellow man.

Sooo apparently Wells Fargo in uptown has been evacuated due COVID-19

It says some, not the whole building...but honestly, they should let everyone in that building work from home.
Agreed

Need some advice regarding move to Charlotte in early April. (COVID-19)

There is no time like the present and you don't want to have regrets. Sounds like you got a great opportunity/offer.  As long as wife and baby are not exposed to large crowds they will be ok. Charlotte is great. We moved here from the North as well.  VA is a short drive in terms of visiting family too. Driving through the mountains blows but it's all doable.
You may also want to consider accepting that job ASAP. In 2007-2008 (the Great Recession), it wasn’t uncommon for people to get their offers reneged. Not saying your offer will be reneged, but we are clearly heading towards a recession and companies will likely pull back on hiring. Maintaining status quo / going on a hiring freeze is a typical first step (unless you’re filling a huge void that needs to be filled), so I’d strongly advise against waiting too long to accept.
If the big bank is Wells Fargo, take the advice of another poster and accept the offer ASAP or it may go away. Also, as of today, WF is encouraging employees to work from home if possible until the pandemic is over. Because you have a very young child, you need to be very careful about exposure, so you should build that option into your acceptance.
Take the dive, Charlotte is a fantastic city for a young family. Banking industry here is strong. If you have any questions at all, feel free to send me a message or ask away. Lots of helpful folks on this sub.
Three things:  * You have a bird in the hand. Take the job while you can; a recession is already here. * You will not avoid this epidemic, no matter where you are. * I moved here 2 years ago from WA. My only regret is that I didn’t do it sooner.
Most start dates are fairly flexible. If it's a corporate job and you ask for a couple extra weeks, I doubt they'd give you a hard time.
It is and I have accepted the offer. Everything is good to go. Are there any possibilities from here that it would be taken away or I would be given bad news before I’m even starting my first day?   It would suck to give 2 week notice to my current job and told that I can’t start the new one while I move to a different state during a pandemic.
You should be fine. Did you get them to commit to allowing you to wfh more until the pandemic is over?
They stated they are monitoring the situation closely and while they haven’t made people work from home yet, the situation may change in the coming weeks.  My start date is mid April now. I pushed it back a few to plan for the move.

A glimpse inside the 1 Wells Fargo building yesterday, where an employee was visited by CDC officials after someone in extended close contact with him allegedly tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalized at CMC.

Your submission was removed because it looks like you will be moving to Charlotte soon, or are considering it. That is great news! Please post your question or comment in our weekly Wednesday ["Welcome to Charlotte"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/search?q=author%3AAutoModerator+%22welcome+to+charlotte+wednesday%22&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=month) threads.    If you believe that this post was removed by accident, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcharlotte&subject=About my removed post&message=I'm writing to you about my post being removed. %0D%0DMy issue is...).  &nbsp;   Thanks!    -- /r/Charlotte [Mod Team](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/about/moderators)  &nbsp;  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Charlotte) if you have any questions or concerns.*

The actual scene inside the 1 Wells Fargo building yesterday, where an employee was visited by CDC officials after someone in extended close contact with him allegedly tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalized at CMC. Faces blurred for privacy.

Your submission was removed because it looks like you will be moving to Charlotte soon, or are considering it. That is great news! Please post your question or comment in our weekly Wednesday ["Welcome to Charlotte"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/search?q=author%3AAutoModerator+%22welcome+to+charlotte+wednesday%22&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=month) threads.    If you believe that this post was removed by accident, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcharlotte&subject=About my removed post&message=I'm writing to you about my post being removed. %0D%0DMy issue is...).  &nbsp;   Thanks!    -- /r/Charlotte [Mod Team](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/about/moderators)  &nbsp;  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Charlotte) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Actual scene inside the 1 Wells Fargo building yesterday, where CDC officials began taking precautionary measures with an employee. Allegedly, someone in extended close contact with him tested positive for COVID-19 and was treated at CMC Main. Confirmed by employees. Faces blurred for privacy.

I'm in the building next door, walking to work was eerily quiet, the only other time I've seen it this empty was after the riot a few years ago.  Good news though, no wait line at the chick-fil-a!
They haven't even told us if the person test positive or negative. And still asked those of us on that floor to come in to the office.
Oh that’s not the CDC. That’s just the suits Wells Fargo wears when an employee tries to submit a complaint to the SEC.
How do we know this is the CDC and not just a local cleaning company wearing PPE gear?
I work at Whole Foods uptown and this week has been a living nightmare.
So here is what is going to happen to the person that took this picture.  Wont have a job after they figure out who took it.
Unpopular opinion, don’t care if I get downvoted but if that person came in contact with people who traveled, they traveled, or had been under the weather, they shouldn’t have gone to work and taken the proper precautions. It honestly pisses me off that they had no regard for the people they possibly infected, and their family’s. Shame on them.
Bank of America sucks too, won’t let anyone work from home. I’m in corporate Risk. In Corp center. There has been NO /zero communication on working from home. Perhaps line of business teams can, but Corp Risk must go into the office.  And there is no issues with VPN or bandwidth; it can handle plenty of WFH scenarios with all the folks WFH.  More ‘gutless leadership’ !  Let’s wait until someone actually has it before we ‘react’, can’t make it up!!!
Damn.... I work for the Novant ob/gyn in that building and had no idea what the girls meant today when they said some crazy stuff went down at the building yesterday... Somehow just seeing this 😬
They have better suits than most hospital staff are provided. Must be nice.
As a nurse, you all need to stop fueling this paranoia. It’s unnecessary and it’s more toxic than the actual virus. For the love of god, stop....
This shit looks spooky and is probably a reason a lot of people won’t get tested.
Stonks
Fake accounts, now fake news?!?! Sheesh.
I work in 2WF and take the train and for the first time ever, I was able to sit anywhere on the train! Gotta look at the glass half full
I work in 3WF I've been working from home  this whole week. The thought of being on that light rail during this time sent chills up my spine.
You mean [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fhyvw6/rare_footage_from_inside_1_wells_fargo_yesterday/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)?
Hahaha #2319
Strange, I'm a PM, and they told us and technology teams to start working from home. Weird...
Typical Wells
They tested negative but are in self-quarantine. I live with a 1WF employee who got an email last night at 5:18pm stating as such.
I work in one of the other uptown WF offices and normally work in the office full-time, but my SF-based manager said I can work from home until this is all over.
Wells is the knucklehead cousin always getting into trouble but never changing, as far as Charlotte banking goes. Nothing against you personally, just your leadership.
That's awful. I hope you all stay healthy.
I probably see you a few times a week. Y’all are all great and I appreciate what you do!
I park at the basement and think I’ve seen you too. We live in interesting times.
That's entirely possible since Wells has a "no onsite photography" rule to protect company and customer privacy.
We need to get employers to let everyone to self quarantine and work from home if possible
Idk anything about this person or their situation, but not coming into work, *especially* when showing no symptoms, is not an option for most people.  I whole heartedly agree that the wise decision would have been to isolate themselves. But between bills that need to be paid and playing it safe, most people have to choose bills. Which is why this virus is something to worry about.
Have you left your house since January? If so you’re a hypocrite.
Why do you assume they knew they had been in contact with someone who tested positive until after they had already been to work?
BofA hasnt changed since I left it I see lol
I'd bet that Verizon or whoever is the ISP\\MSP for these big companies have advised them they can't guarantee VPN uptime when 50,000+ workers (Wells, BoA, Duke, etc) get told to go WFH
BoA is currently at least partial work from home as of yesterday.
Most of the people I know at Bank of America are allowed to work from home, but they're all office/corporate. Maybe the retail folk aren't?
Did you ask your manager?
BofA is WFH
Multiple people from Wells confirming they saw this happen, as well as hospital employees. No confirmation of if he had it, but I’m glad they were taking precautions.
It's real.
You should go see for yourself. Make sure to touch your face a lot
Turn on Hannity, that’s the only verification you want or will listen to, and as long as they tell you it’s a liberal hoax you’ll wheeze “fake news” with your dying breath. But hey, liberal tears amirite?
Yeah today the train was eerily quiet... yesterday I barely managed to get a seat on the way home, today I can count more empty seats than people. It’s pretty nice haha
2319!
I'm in technology and in one of the other wells buildings and haven't heard this yet
Because they’re an awful financial company with awful products and services. You wouldn’t have that with proper guidance and leadership.  The recent scandal wasn’t even the least bit surprising.
As far as banking goes period, I think. They never learn, year after year. Makes me feel good about commercial banking solely with largely investment banks - online. 100% not getting COVID-19 from an app 😂
That actually means a lot. The majority of people have been very understanding of our struggle to keep up. The select few want no excuses. We’re just trying to keep everyone safe and stocked while knowing there’s a 99% chance we are going to get sick if it comes into the store.   P.S.  If you ever go to the hot bar section of the store, chances are you’ve met me once or twice. My name is Chris, I’m always down to help if you need anything, let me know!
Most definitely a weird timeline we’ve come across. Stay safe, feel free to say hey if you see me!
Yup. My boyfriend is a bartender and is worried the restaurant will shut down since business is slowing.
Trust me I get that, and it sucks. But those people are just spreading it and making it harder for everyone, not just themselves.
I go out as little as possible🙃
I’d bet it’s more a limitation of their Cisco VPN and not ISP. I’m sure BofA has a huge pipe, but VPN bandwidth and server power is another matter entirely.  Just thinking of the poor souls who have to do all the ARM requests for the massive influx of users requesting MAS access for the first time. RIP that inbox.
Duh
Some teams may be, but most aren't. Most teams are "work from home if you're not feeling well but otherwise it's business as usual."
Not Corp Risk in the Corp center.  Maybe the FLUs are, but we were told it’s BAU today (Friday) by executive (turner). So good for you, if you can wfh, but it’s bau for Risk.
Where’s the proof that this is the CDC? I work with class A property management and they have made no mentions of the CDC coming in.
I think at this point, they’re already assuming people are going to get sick, but they don’t want everyone to get sick all at once because it’ll overwhelm the hospitals. Sorry mate, you’re first.
I've heard of a few big companies going red team / blue team alternating who is in the office and who is wfh.
I appreciate it man, and hang in there and stay healthy! I’ll be the guy in the braves hat with a baby. Usually stick to veggies and meat but I’ll come say what’s up
I work in coffee uptown and this afternoon was absurdly slow; a ton of our customers are businesspeople who are now working from home.  Unfortunately that's not an option for all of us and I'm worried, I only recently started this job and don't really have any emergency money saved back up yet after being unemployed.
The solution was for governments and institutions to shut things down weeks ago, and make it possible for people to afford living without working for a few months.  Blaming people for having a virus they couldn't have even known they had (like another commenter said) isn't going to get us anywhere, and it's an impossible lesson to be learned. Spread will happen no matter what, it's impossible to stop it on an individual scale*. It's up to institutions to ~~stop this from happening~~ control the damage, and ours have failed us here.  *Not saying we shouldn't be vigilant
did the person even \*know\* they had it ?   that's whats so bad about this virus - can be contagious for weeks without even feeling any difference whatsover
I’m not hearing “I haven’t left my house since January”
This is me but for healthcare. We are expediting hundreds of remote requests a week for nonessential personnel to work from home.
Lol you think Coronavirus is a liberal hoax Targeting Trump. It makes perfect sense that all these other countries would quarantine their citizens and report increasing infected and death statistics as it “spreads” because the Libs convinced the entire world to go along with their plan, right? To you MAGAtards legit means it came directly from the Mandarin Mouth itself, otherwise it’s not true.
Sounds good! I’m always around. Stay safe!
This is why China’s lockdown worked. And their pop up hospitals. Italy is trying it but I bet people are still working and interacting too much there to stop the spread.
There is obviously going to be people that don’t know they have it. I’m more so meaning those who have been to other countries recently or been around those who have.

NC task force on preventing the spread of Covid-19

Oh give em a break. We’re all just trying to get through this.
This was pretty bad, but did you get a chance to see the President's press conference yesterday? He has been in close contact with multiple people who have been confirmed to have the virus and throughout the conference not only were they packed right together but he kept manhandling the mic, getting very close to it and shook the hands of tons of top CEOs and officials.
r/nottheonion   r/therewasanattempt
Great guy, he’s a great guy never mind he’s fucking positive for corona!!

Why give racing a go? - With races and events being cancelled at warp speed as of late because of the Coronavirus (COVID-19), don't let that stop you from getting outside and being active! This too shall pass...

Holy shit this is so tone deaf

Covid-19 Curve
The idea of flattening the curve has been spread around everywhere such that we don't overwhelm the healthcare system. Has anyone compiled information on the ICU utilization and the projected curve for Charlotte?Is there a scenario where the curve is too flat?
There is no such thing as too few people getting the virus.
I've always heard that there is no such thing as a bad question. But now I realize that this is incorrect.
Personally, I'm hoping for concave
is there also no such thing as too much damage to the economies?
Such knowledge coming from a halfwit
Well, if you are going to social distance until we have a vaccine approved by the FDA and distributed we'll be here for over a year when most of thr population out side of certain groups will survive or have minimal noticeable symptoms. It seems improbable that social distancing alone will eliminate the virus across the country if it can survive for a few days on surfaces and it takes 2 weeks to eliminate it from your system. There will likely be a few carriers at all times.  Is there a theory or scenario for low level viruses where it is better to have certain segments of the population get the virus incrementally, quarantine, recover and go on.  Similar chicken pox, not exactly the same, which isn't leathal.  Just a thought since the path to get to the end is wait 2 weeks and see. We'll what data are they looking at to prove that the risk is passed.  It would seem that if you tested for the frequency antibodies in the population would be a better indicator than new cases because many might have it but show minimal symptoms.
There is... but it takes a LOT of economic damage to justify not saving the lives of a few million people.
Does that mean OP is at most a quarter wit?

Mecklenburg County declares State of Emergency. 4 positive cases of Covid-19 currently in the county

And bars full of people 👍🏻
State of emergency to get needed funding, not at the hoarding ammo & poptarts level yet.
Can we talk about how people are price gouging on offerup already? Someone has a $5 12-pack of toilet paper listed for $100 bucks. I hope they don't expect someone to buy it, I really hope the post is a joke.
Yup. Illinois and Ohio shut down all bars and restaurants.  Expect it to happen here soon with how many people were out partying for at patty’s day.
Yet according to many people I see on social media... the hoarding of ammo (????) and pop tarts is well underway 😞
Speak for yourself, my brother just spent about $400 on a 40 lb bug out bag w/ supplies and ammo
Virus or no virus, hoarding ammo is an American pastime.
Amazon and eBay are blocking thousands of vendors who are doing that. If Facebook marketplace and Craigslist would do the same that would be awesome. They won’t, but it would do a lot to stop that shit from happening.
I almost feel like someone pretend to buy it and just rough the person up a bit and steal the toliet paper.
I can think of a lot of other ways to clean my butt that don't involve making a shady deal on offerup.
Person ahead of me at Publix this morning was open carrying, a bit dramatic in my opinion.
Too bad there'll be no witnesses even though it'll happen on a busy road.
Shady deal on grindr?
Perhaps this person open carries  every day? IDK, just playing devils advocate. I know everyone has a heightened semce of awareness now so maybe its more noticeable?
How else are you going to shoot the virus?
You do realize some people open carry regardless of pandemic outbreaks? It's pretty normal and should be encouraged.
Being pointlessly dramatic still stands.
If you're so scared you can't leave the house with the ability to instantly kill people you need to get help.  That's a level of paranoia that isn't healthy.
Nothing dramatic about that at all. The ironic thing is you’re the one being super dramatic!
You live in the south people open carry here.
I started conceal-carrying after the UNCC shooting when I was locked in a classroom down the hall from the shooter with no way to defend myself.  So yes. Call it PTSD or paranoia, but I will continue carrying because I'm not going to be helpless in that situation again. It probably isn't healthy, but I'd prefer that over being dead.
It's much better to be under prepared, right?  Let's wait for the cops to save you...
Not a damn thing wrong with paranoia!

I made this sheet— if you or anyone you know in Mecklenburg County (or Cabarrus County) is housebound from COVID-19 and needs food assistance, fill it out! If you can help someone in need, put your name next to theirs; share it if you can!


COVID-19 case at Enclave Apartments in Uptown

Yep! I live here. We found out yesterday. Nice knowing you all.
And so it begins...  I wonder if this person was out bar crawling Saturday?  If so, this shit is about to take off.
All the people partying for st pattys day probably spread the infection to everyone.
If you think that was the "first" case in that building you're sorely mistaken. It's clear this virus has been spreading for an exponentially long time. I'd bet that thousands in Charlotte are currently carriers or infected themselves.
So when are we going to force bars and restaurants to shut down for at least two weeks? I’d say we’re about a week overdue on that....
Is management taking any additional steps to minimize the risk of exposure to other tenants? I also live in a big uptown complex, and despite what management is telling tenants about taking cleaning/sanitation to the next level, I’m not seeing it myself (this morning I saw a cleaning person going through his daily cleaning routine - moving things around to clean, but without gloves).
The shittiest thing is the chance of reinfection like what's happening in China already.  I can't imagine not being able to get off the merry-go-round.
Sorry, that's scary, can you guys take the stairs or have a role about the elevator to help in the mean time?
My guess is that it's been here for a good while; we've only just recently started acknowledging it. Two weeks ago they probably would have gone to the Dr. and been released; tests were only available to people having traveled to at risk countries. Even today, only a couple hundred have been conducted in NC.   Communal transmission likely started in early to mid February out in Washington, wouldn't be a stretch for it to have made out this way not long after.
Could also be someone that practiced social distance. Regardless it’s there.
Nah it’s to soon for an idiot partying Saturday to show signs.
I agree, but these businesses don't care enough about workers to send them home as a precaution voluntarily. That will only happen if they're forced to do so. Company I work at has said they expect everyone there unless they're burning with fever and have signs of pneumonia but by then it's too late and they've already infected others around them.
Just announced
Due to hoarding and over-buying I do not think there will ever be an order to shut down restaurants. They may ask places to stop dine-in and do carry-out only, but I do not think they'll be forced to shut down.  Edit: And after I commented this apparently they're doing just that.
They are, as far as I know — closing the common spaces, disinfecting everything, limiting maintenance requests to emergencies. Mgmt here is pretty good, so I believe them when they say they’re cleaning/taking measures to disinfect. It’s probably too late for us, though.
I’m taking the stairs as much as I can for now. It’s a low rise apt complex so it’s not too bad. I’m more worried about our resident population because it skews older from what I’ve seen.
Also worth noting that most people probably just would not go to the doctor in the first place.  If most people only have minor symptoms and most people don't go to the doctor for minor symptoms.  Whatever the confirmed number of cases is, it's probably understated hundreds of thousands if not millions.  Whether that's a good thing (i.e., that would infer lower mortality and a higher % that will be immune in the future) or bad thing (still infection a ton of people) is up to debate.
Well I know that, but they could've gotten it prior then went partying and spread it even more is what I was getting at.
Could have had it a while now and been out partying last weekend.  That’s the problem with everyone going out last weekend, everyone felt fine but highly likely many were already infected.
Yeah, but they could have had it and gone out Saturday. They wouldn't have been showing symptoms but still wouldve been contagious.
Actually, not quite true.  Per the CDC:   Currently, according to the [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)Trusted Source](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/symptoms.html), the incubation period for the novel coronavirus is somewhere between 2 to 14 days after exposure.  According to a [recent reportTrusted Source](https://annals.org/aim/fullarticle/2762808/incubation-period-coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-from-publicly-reported), more than 97 percent of people who contract SARS-CoV-2 show symptoms within 11.5 days of exposure. The average incubation period seems to be around 5 day  So while many people won't show symptoms that quickly, it's certainly not out of the question they caught it at a Saturday party/bar and are already showing.
\^\^ This. There's a 7-14 day gap when symptoms start showing. Confirmed or suspected cases now likely contracted it a week to two weeks ago. Because of that, we're going to see a massive spike locally and nationally.      Hopefully, with people practicing social distancing, that will just be a spike and not an upward trend...
Source?  Edit: found it https://www.charlottestories.com/nc-governor-ordering-all-bars-and-restaurants-to-close-their-dining-rooms-indefinitely/
They done shut it down
Lmao
/r/agedlikemilk
We are still a step behind - use of common spaces is discouraged (and planned events have been canceled), but common spaces are still open and can be used “at your own risk”. I’ve walked by the gym the past few days and it’s still business as usual, so I don’t get the sense that people here are taking this as seriously as they should (or they think they’re special snowflakes and won’t be affected). Hopefully our mgmt team takes action soon before it’s too late.
Well I hope they're washing and sanitizing stuff more but hopefully everyone will be ok! Good idea to stick to stairs, unless you have a ton of groceries, but hopefully it doesn't spread!
I had to go to South Park Mall to pick something up the Friday before last; the food court was packed and I thought you people are crazy.
Yeah but we're only testing cases with symptoms so youre wrong. We're just not testing for asymptomatic transmission at this moment dude to this country being pathetic.
Definitely true, but  I would say the spike is coming because it’s probably been around way before last weekend as well. It’s not like the entire country was living any different than normal two weeks ago. Definitely not defending the people who went out, it’s just all been kind of inevitable
We can only hope folks are doing their part. I’ve noticed a lot more folks on the greenways in the past 5 days than normal so I’m hopeful.
Sorry it’s a twitter link! Goes into affect for all of North Carolina at 5 pm today  https://twitter.com/WRAL/status/1239921471931265024?s=20
I predicted exactly what they did!

“Ibuprofen could facilitate and worsen COVID-19 infections.” Avoid ibuprofen and anti-inflammatory medicine if you start having symptoms. Use Tylenol or Excedrin instead.

I think we all need to be really careful providing recommendations without a medical background. The concern appears to be for patients with other underlying medical conditions taking ibuprofen, which has always been a concern. Specifically patients with respiratory or other underlying heart conditions are at an elevated risk.
Apparently, this is moderately misleading.  From the /r/worldnews thread on the topic -  https://reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/fkj7hx/_/fktf126/?context=1
Um, Excedrin has Aspirin in it, an NSAID just like Ibuprofen.
I have never heard of ScienceAlert, so I am having a hard time believing it.  Also, this is off topic.
They are nsaids, yes, but they each work a bit differently. The stuff I read on it said that ibuprofen may cause a slowing of the immune response against respiratory infection, and delay of recognizing pneumonia symptoms.
Understood, note the subject on this post says “and anti inflammatory medicine”
Ah, got it. That is confusing.  I don't think the info that I read listed aspirin specifically, only ibuprofen and naproxen. But it didn't expressly exclude any specific nsaids either.

Dr in Charlotte with COVID 19

They’re not testing anybody who came into contact w that physician if they are asymptomatic. No wonder confirmed cases # is so low.
Now we need to start watching these cases and see how quick they recover. Any time there is a death, look at their age or other health issues they had.   That’s the best way to keep our sanity during these times, realize that the majority of people getting this recover with no long lasting problems.
A doctor at a knee and hip replacement center inside of a hospital, no less. Yikes. You know they were all elderly. Every single patient he's seen in the past weeks should be tested, but we all know that won't happen.
I heard they were told not to talk about it. Sounds dangerous not to test.
With the growing availability of tests, actual numbers will skyrocket soon.
The patients are not all elderly.   The entrance for that Hip and Knee clinic shares an entrance with the Foot and Ankle clinic. The waiting rooms are on opposite sides of the entrance.
“Worried about potential of false negative tests” is their official stance. Take that how you will.
but we'll only know actual numbers are skyrocketing  once test availability does
What's the harm of having people test and self isolate, just to be certain? Smh. What a wacky position for a health care company to take.
Yes, but what I’m saying is the numbers appear low now, and it’s not like an outbreak is happening. It has and is happening, we just don’t know due to the lack of tests
Yup and with how testing requirements are now there are tons of asymptomatic people still spreading it who can't get tested due to the lack of tests still going on.  We're flying blind into this crisis

COVID-19 Affect on leasing an APT in CLT
My plan was to travel to CLT in mid-April to settle on an apartment and sign the lease. Given the result outbreak of COVID-19, will these travel plans be effected?
Your Magic 8-ball is as accurate as the rest of ours.  CNBC had a story online yesterday that the airlines were considering shutting down.  I would suggest if you have the means to get it done now get it done.  Otherwise you might be out of luck.
My apartment's leasing office is closed till further notice. I'm sure others are doing this as well. It's probably going to be a case by case basis.
Many leasing offices are closed until further notice. Things could get better in a month where this is no longer the case, but in the interim you should come up with a contingency plan to do all that virtually.
My husband and I are scheduled to move into an apartment next week. I called them to find out what the plan is in the event of a mandatory quarantine. They said they would be able to leave the keys in the apartment for us, and do the paperwork remotely. Just call yours to find out what their "what if" plan ism
Wait, most leasing offices are closed (or will soon) and will reopen tbd.
Honestly I would stay in place until everything settles
A pandemic is halting the global economy. Maybe pause apartment shopping for a bit.
My apt leasing office still has limited hours and i see the manager walking back to her apt daily at 6 so I know for sure someone is working. They have closed all common facilities, although the dog park and car washes remain unlocked.... so you wont be able to tour anything. They have also said all non emergency repairs will not be happening, so if you do get to see an apartment it probably wont be move in ready.  Anyways....id just call. I personally suspect my apt complex would schedule an appointment with you under current conditions.      Just guessing but  If we have a mandatory nationwide thing, I dont see you moving in april. A shelter in place would probably involve waivers or something to leave and unless you have a great reason for moving i think youd have to work something out with your current living situation that allows you to postpone your move.    Edit: NEVERMIND my complex sent out an email an hr ago they were closed to in person traffic but will have phone calls email and virtual tours available
I work in leasing. We are limiting office use for residents and prospects, limiting maintenance service to emergency only, and closing all common areas. Any vacant and ready apartments are being video recorded and/or photographed. It’s been hard to not be able to show people our apartments. Definitely makes the days slower and more boring as well. It sucks!
I’m a leasing consultant and as of right now our office is open 7 days a week and we’re working as usual. The only difference is our amenities are closed (dog park, gym, pool area, clubhouse etc) You can still stop in to tour, sign paperwork and speak with us in person.
If you can find an apartment you’ll probably have extra leverage negotiating concessions tbh.
Shouldn't be.  Airlines still coming in and business is still rolling.
Same, but did that around this time last year. Would be driving in late at night. We did the paperwork online and they left me the keys in a lockbox at their office where the code is changed after you get the keys. And that was pre- apocalypse.

Covid 19 Testing - What to expect/first hand experience
Thought I'd share my experience as I had to go and get tested today. I was tested at a drive up location in Matthews. Novant has a parking lot blocked off specifically for people who have been pre-qualified to drive in for testing. Pulling into the lot I was flagged down and pointed into a numbered slot where I was met by several healthcare professionals geared up in full PPE. Face masks, gloves, and surgery gowns. I had to fill out some paperwork including some waivers for the CDC and the NC DHE to release my results. Media was also there taking pics and video (interestingly enough they were also geared up in PPE). I was escorted in to the building and filled out some additional paperwork before being sent back to the car. A RN interviewed me with some additional screening questions and paperwork before escorting me into the building for some additional screening because of my symptoms and history. I ended up getting swabbed in the back of the throat rather than the nose, but saw several folks get the nasal swab, I think I got the best option there. Results won't be back for 2-4 days as everything is being facilitated by LabCorp as Meck County has outsourced all their testing. &#x200B;My history and what qualified me to get tested at this point is recent pneumonia (over a month ago) and a cough along with body aches that came back in the past week. I've also had exposure to a confirmed case first hand. &#x200B;Takeaway for me is that we don't appreciate our healthcare professionals enough. They were efficient, composed, and even in good spirits considering the stress they're under.
Thank you for sharing your experience.  I hope your results turn out to be negative - please make sure to take good care of yourself!
The swab isn't that terrible, considering the alternative.  We test at our urgent care location, and I can give insight to what the guidelines are in order to qualify at this time for testing.  You have to have a lower respiratory involvement (cough or shortness of breath) and a fever, along with a negative flu test.   If you've had contact with someone who is known to be positive, you still have to have respiratory involvement and fever, but do not need a flu test.
I was swabbed at the ER on Sunday for COVID, still haven’t gotten my results yet. Good luck!
I got tested at the Matthews location too. Very similar experience, and I am so thankful for our healthcare providers. I got tested for flu on the spot which came back negative, so they swabbed for covid right after. I’m young and healthy (other than covid symptoms) and they told me 4+ days to get results, so they might be prioritizing patients. I don’t mind because I’m just going to sit on the couch and watch tv regardless of my diagnosis lol.
Take care of yourself! ❤️
I’ve heard the throat swab is similar to strep?
Is this the Novant location on Siskey rd?
My 4yo was tested there yesterday.  He developed a fever, cough and sore throat on Sunday.  Fever continued Monday and Tuesday, his pediatrician had us bring him in to test for Flu, Strep and RSV - all were negative, so they recommended he go to the Matthews test location.  He got the nasal swap yesterday morning, expecting the results Friday or Monday.  Fortunately, his fever finally let up this morning and he seems to be getting better.  Meanwhile, we're all self-quarantined till we figure out whats up.
I wish they could use a rapid bloodtest.
Both swab situations sound terrible
Thanks for sharing. Hope your test is negative, and either way, that you're back at 100% ASAFP.
how do they decide if they do a nose or throat test?
I've been curious how people find out they've had exposure, what was your experience?
Update on this, still waiting on results. Haven't heard one way or another but my cough stopped yesterday and my joints aren't aching nearly as much.
How can there only be 3 test kits available yet there are drive up testing locations? Am I confusing something or are there more than 3 test kits? Perhaps that was last week?
How did you get approved to get a test? Who did you call?
Are you older than 70?
Thank you, I'm half wanting to have it and just get it over with and half dreading not having it as I just want to be healthy again. Tired of coughing and not feeling 100%.   &#x200B;  Last thing I want to do is infect other people though.
I know it’s because there is a shortage of tests, but one of the main problems of this is that people are walking around with COVID but are asymptomatic and spreading it, so I dont think its great you have to show symptoms to get tested. Everyone needs to be able to be tested to stop unknowingly spreading it
AFAIK there's no prioritizing in place. There's no patient info put into LabCorps system other than the requisition form, which has info about the tests ordered and patient demographics for billing and results.  Also,when being screened we're just getting basic info as far as vital signs and the flu swab.   Everyone who's tested is treated the same at the lab level.  We tell our patients it's 4 days, but that can change if there is a back log. Also LabCorp is closed on Sundays, unless they've upped hours.  Source: am healthcare worker in the Novant system currently testing patients.
Thank you!
sweeeeet carrrrolliineee....
Yes, and the nasal swab is similar to the flu swab.
Yes. But you have to call ahead.  Please do not drive up without calling the hotline first. They will instruct you further
Keep us updated
It doesn't exist yet. And TBH, if I was having to collect, I'd rather take a nasal swab from someone who might be sick than have to draw blood.
Not as terrible as an ICU stay with COVID
Sorry, just getting back to this. I attended a meeting last week in which there was someone who's wife was sick and so was he, later confirmed to be one of the first confirmed cases in the area.
There's lots of information about testing here. Updated yesterday https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fks2vy/nc_covid_update_new_testing_issues_possible/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Emailed and called my PCP. Thankfully I have a great Dr and work for a very proactive company that was on the ball with isolation of employees and helping facilitate testing.
If you go to atriumhealth.org, there is a COVID risk assessment screening tool that should help determine if you meet the requirements for testing. Hope that’s helpful!
Can’t read?
Early 40s. I'm old, but not old enough to date dust yet.
Does it matter? Plenty of people younger than 70 contract pneumonia if they have COVID19
Best wishes for a quick recovery no matter what it is!
I’ve heard that some people need to be tested multiple times also. Plus, if you don’t have it this week but then get exposed next week you will need another test. It’s a mess and I know it’s not an easy one to solve until we have unlimited numbers of test and people start staying at home and away from everyone else.
No, I agree. But until we can set up something like South Korea, we're doing our best with what we have
Good to know! Although I do wish they would prioritize to some degree to help out the elderly folks and immunocompromised who might be in a tougher situation, but I get it. Thanks for the info
No...I work in that office building next door. Someone set 3 fires outside of that location on Monday. Police were everywhere. We are now work from home only. It was crazy
Why? The nasal swab is more likely to trigger a sneeze, the throat swab more likely to trigger a cough.
What's the test going to do to prevent you from having to go to the ICU if it gets that bad for you?
This is true.  But.  LabCorp has more tests. The state may only have three.
Basically he had he qualified because he had a prior condition and been exposed to a confirmed case. OP did not say that he brought the details up to his primary doctor or directly contacted a hospital or he went to the ER.   Just trying to figure out what the workflow is. No need to be hostile.
40 is young. If you have underlying medical conditions then you will more than likely have trouble. Wish you the best of luck.
Yes it matters and you are not correct based on Covid 19 facts. “Plenty” is not a fact. Age and health risk are the most relevant factors.
You are responsible if this guy dies. Wish you luck.
Incubation period is 5-7 days, some are tested 2-4 days after exposure and the test comes back negative, so then would need to be tested again after incubation. I wonder when a mandatory nationwide lockdown is put in place.
What? That's insane.  Sorry, didn't mean to assume. I just wanted people to know we'd rather you call ahead. Not just that sight, but anywhere.  If you suspect COVID-19, you should call the office ahead of time so that they can instruct you on how to move forward.
What? There was just a random arsonist there? Were they targeting the medical building or the office building? Way to bury the lede!
With any blood draw you have risk of causing infection. Sneezing and coughing are minor side effects in comparison. Healthcare workers are (hopefully) protected against both with PPE.
So why are you so butthurt they got a test? Obviously their doctor deemed it necessary. I’m sure OP could care less what some internet stranger thinks.
I am? Huh? What are you smoking?
Good luck. My plan is to not get it at all cost. I am in full hermit mode. I dont even answer the door for FedEx.
I made post about it on one of the Coronavirus subs. Yes...the police seemed to think it was someone who was not happy about the testing facility and all of the sick people being in their neighborhood. 3 fires set at the same time.
To be honest, the sneezing and coughing put you at greater risk as the collector at being infected, particularly with the PPE shortage healthcare workers have been facing. The risk of infection for the patient with a blood draw in comparison is low.
“Yes it matters and you are not correct based on Covid 19 facts. “Plenty” is not a fact. Age and health risk are the most relevant factors.”  What about that is butthurt?  Define “plenty”. Debunk anything that I state there.
As a delivery driver and on behalf of all delivery workers, I thank you!
Thanks friend!! Good luck to you as well!
They deleted your post and I can't find any news about it. I saw the pics you posted though, of the fire trucks.
I agree, unfortunately hospitals will always put patients before staff. At least as long as they are run by layers and layers of non-clinical bureaucrats who are all about the bottom line that’s how it will stay.
I think they are trying to keep it quiet as to not freak people out even more. But I can assure you it did happen. We are located right next to the dental office, same building.

Mecklenburg begins releasing jail inmates to avoid cellblock outbreak of COVID-19

“While most of those under consideration have been accused of minor crimes, Trosch said some may involve inmates charged with felony offenses who are willing to plead guilty.”   I’m not following. Someone who has a pending felony offense is going to be released and will still plead guilty later, so they get sent to prison. Why would you take that person’s word that they, I don’t know, would not do that?
So my understanding is violent criminals will not be released, but people who have committed theft, burglary, or scam artist will be? Very bad idea...
Great, too many people sitting in jail as it is. Anyone arrested for drugs should have never been arrested in the first place. Let them out and stop wasting tax payer resources imprisoning people for buying a smile.
hahahahah... hahah... haha  this is going to be a shitshow
Uh what
That makes total sense, from a safety perspective... NOT
So in the eyes of the county it is completely acceptable to endanger the public (regardless of crimes these are INMATES)??   I swear this county is run by complete morons.
This should end well, the crime rate will match the infected rate of people at this point.
The gist I got was that this isn't including violent felonies. Yeah, the repeat scam artist might get released, which is kind-of bull, but if they can thin the holding by enough to prevent outbreak, that seems legit to me.
You would be surprised who they release under normal circumstances.  I had jury duty on a murder case here.  The defendant was out on bail.  We would be out on our lunch break and see him.  Mecklenburg County is insane.
This is just an example of what will happen everywhere:   [https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/man-released-from-florida-jail-amid-coronavirus-concerns-is-arrested-on-a-murder-charge/ar-BB12DtKe?li=BBnbcA1](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/man-released-from-florida-jail-amid-coronavirus-concerns-is-arrested-on-a-murder-charge/ar-BB12DtKe?li=BBnbcA1)
Not if you’re armed. Just like the LA Riots, people didn’t fuck with the stores that had armed Koreans on the rooftops.
You read the article though, right?  >Last week, the county’s judges, prosecutors and public defenders began analyzing the jail’s logs to identify candidates for release, including those being held on low-level or victimless offenses, and others believed to be particularly vulnerable to the disease, Chief District Judge Elizabeth Trosch told the Observer.  Also, it's just right at 100 inmates. A small dent in the 1200 or so being held.
It's no different than bail, just free. They are in jail awaiting trial, not convicted.
like u, huh?
More murders = less infections.
Why shouldn’t they be?  They hadn’t been found guilty yet.
They also lived in a world without constitutional rights.
This is just an example of what will happen everywhere:   https://www.kitv.com/story/42008094/oahu-man-struck-by-lightning-in-early-morning-storms  Pretty silly to take one instance and apply it to everyone.
Shooting people from your roof = not a shit show  Good to know.
Im not sure how your math is but that's almost 1 in 10 inmates released.
Yes I did
So I take it you are completely fine with having them stay in your neighborhood? Maybe in your guest house to room with you and your family? I mean it is only 100 or so. A small dent in the total prison population.   Didn't think so.
Yeah.. I think most people forget there's a difference between jail and prison.
Everyone's perspective is going to be based on their personal experiences. As a woman, and under this current climate, I don't feel it's SAFE!
Can’t possibly go wrong. I mean look at New York, right?
Don’t want to get shot? Don’t try to loot businesses, that simple. I know, it’s a hard concept for some to grasp.
It still sounds like you're coming off the presumption that this is a dangerous idea. I understand that it is 8% of the current population.
So then what's the safety concern?
Not prison, jail. These are not convicted criminals. As stated below we already let these people go on bail normally.
Are these people headed to your guest house? I don't have one, personally. But sure, I'll bite. Being arrested doesn't automagically make you a criminal. Being convicted does. You'd rather see innocent people get hurt than just calm down and try to understand.
Like I said these people are normally walking our streets out on bail anyway (which is a constitutional right) . This is really no different than normal except we dropped their bail to zero.
Because they're probably black and that's scary.
Are *you* suggesting criminals are typically black? Cause that’s who they’re releasing, alleged criminals.

Reported cases of COVID-19 doubles overnight in Mecklenburg County. There now are 30.

As tests become readily available, the number will continue to rise.
I might add, don't just look at the county these people are reported in. A truck driver who loads out of Cabarrus, but lives in Iredell is positive for his residence county, not his work one. We are a mobile species.
I wonder when we are going to have a Shelter-In-Place order executed?
Fuck
Can we please take this seriously now?
They need to hurry up with the testing. I went to the ER on Sunday morning and I still don’t have test results (it is now Friday).
Unsure why they put breaking news, the rise is to be expected, they are a month late of course many of us had it and probably recovered by now from what we thought was a mild/moderate cold . Some test are only testing for the presence of antibodies which are created when your body fights of an infection. A positive test can be misleading to a degree but they are just calling you asymptotic rather then recovered.
Right.We can reduce reported cases to 0 if we don't test. For all we know, 50+% of the population had it for months and the small % of fatalities have been attributed to other underlying health issues.
You gotta figure it’s coming soon. Guess I’ll make another run towards the stores again..
Literally just a two week staycation but without much to do since many nonessential places will be closed.
Would this mean I’d have difficulty traveling back into Charlotte just to get back home? I’m out of town but was slated to return next week
A better option is to isolate the sick people.
The order won't stop you from going to the grocery store.
Agreed. I stocked up about 6 or 7 weeks ago since I knew this was going to eventually happen but I have had to make some additional runs.
Wish it felt like a staycation.  I'm working at home *and* trying to homeschool my kid.
2 weeks?  It can take your body up to 2 weeks alone to show symptoms. Shelter in place will be months. At least one month to get through the first 2 week incubation period. Another 2 weeks to be sick and hopefully fight it. Another 2 weeks to be sure not to still be contagious. BUT not everyone is on the same timeline, so a few months would be likely.
two week?  What the fuck are you smoking? this will last 3-6 months.
> Would this mean I’d have difficulty traveling back into Charlotte just to get back home?  Probably not.
Most of the spread is coming from asymptomatic carriers who are not getting tested. And even then it's very hard for those who do have symptoms to get tested.  We don't have the faintest idea of how many people in Charlotte are infected at this point. It's definitely in the 100s but could be in the 1000s as well depending on how bad social distancing hasn't been practiced.
Part of the issue is that some people are asymptomatic for 2-14 days, and others have the virus but don’t ever get sick, which both increase the spread. It’s really more effective to lock everything down for 2-4 weeks or so, in my opinion at least.
I mean you're not wrong but that's pretty hard to do with our current testing shortages...
This. Please. So many essentials shouldn’t be out of stock that are because people are panicking am buying out the store. It will still be there through anything!!
STOP. They aren’t going going to close grocery stores. Please don’t go to the store and freak out, you will still be able to go get food. All your doing is keeping others from getting certain items and making others freak out as well
So far this week I've worked harder at home than I EVER have worked in the office.  First 3 days were utterly the most insane I've ever seen them.
Those measures may not work according to this Stanford epidemiology professor. What has proven to work in countries like South Korea is rapid testing to isolate the sick people, which will reduce the ultimate peak of the spread.    https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/17/a-fiasco-in-the-making-as-the-coronavirus-pandemic-takes-hold-we-are-making-decisions-without-reliable-data/
I’m sorry for your situation but without any reliable data that proves a lockdown is necessary, I have to say the bar needs to be higher.  There are reasons for the testing shortages and it is all because of red tape. Unfortunately thousands of tests could have been approved in February. but literally have been getting approval in the last few days. Thats way too late and irresponsible.   Now companies like these in Salt Lake City, can now make 50K tests a day, which should help isolate the sick people and reduce spread. They got their test approved Tuesday night when they could have rolled this out in late February. How ridiculous is that?  http://kutv.com/news/coronavirus/slc-company-making-50k-coronavirus-tests-a-day-can-now-sell-them-in-the-us
Well I hope our elected officials are continuing to remove red tape instead of thinking about how not to look bad in this crisis.   The spread will increase either way with no proof a complete lockdown will decrease it. I rather not put everyone out of work and be the elephant that jumps off the cliff without anywhere to land.
Getting it from point A to B is the tricky part. Also, fresh supply lines are absolutely being decimated. I speak as a fresh fish importer who sells to distributors who then sell to restaurants and supermarket chains. I don't want to encourage hording, but unless something drastically changes, we're going to hit a low point in fresh food availability. Bread lines are not a crazy dream any longer.
I’m not freaking out. I’m giving myself the ability to not have to leave the house for 2 weeks if we are to end up being quarantined.   If you think that I am one of the crazed shoppers then that is incorrect. All I did was buy a couple of additional groceries whenever I went to the store last month which has eventually amounted to an additional stocked amount.
We currently lack the supplies (test kits, PPE, etc) needed to make SK's strategy work here. Limiting social contact as much as possible until testing ramps up seems to be the next best policy.
It's not that lock down doesn't work. It's just incredibly painful! Unfortunately, this is the price we are now paying for not taking this pandemic more seriously months ago. We should have been ramping up tests, PPE, contact tracing a long time ago in January.   Going forward, we will need to take painful measures, and even still many people will die, just less than if we didn't take these measures.
Are you living in the dark? Look at what's happening in Italy. NYC is almost at capacity for their ICU. Young people are dying less frequently, but about 20% still need ICU care. If the ICUs are full, they don't get care and die.
Is the [Imperial College Report](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/media/imperial-college/medicine/sph/ide/gida-fellowships/Imperial-College-COVID19-NPI-modelling-16-03-2020.pdf) not reliable enough for you? The report made by the a top research university headed by a renowned epidemiologist and mathematician. The same people who have previously worked with the WHO and are advising policies. They collected data from China, Italy, and S, Korea. They put all of that data with varying criteria into simulated models. Long story short, the least amount  of deaths will come from suppression, and for a long time of suppression.     WARNING: Do not make the same mistake I did of reading that report before bed, or if you already have a lot of anxiety. There is no good news.
We need to lock down ASAP. The US is a week behind Italy and Charlotte / NC is two weeks behind max. It's going to completely and utterly overload our healthcare system.  Look at what's happening in Italy now. They've almost overtaken China in numbers of deaths https://twitter.com/tancredipalmeri/status/1240414011608444929?s=19
>  2 weeks if we are to end up being quarantined.   That simply isn't going to happen.  Not in this country and not under our current laws.
We don’t lack the supplies or the innovation. Our lovely FDA has been delaying tests for weeks and months and suffocating our universities and private labs.   This company from SLC has been waiting since February and just got their test approved Tuesday night. It already had been approved in the EU. Now, they can crank out 50,000 tests a day.  http://kutv.com/news/coronavirus/slc-company-making-50k-coronavirus-tests-a-day-can-now-sell-them-in-the-us  Also...  “In the absence of data, prepare-for-the-worst reasoning leads to extreme measures of social distancing and lockdowns. Unfortunately, we do not know if these measures work.”
Thats the point of the article. Why add to the pain we already have when it may not work?  “In the absence of data, prepare-for-the-worst reasoning leads to extreme measures of social distancing and lockdowns. Unfortunately, we do not know if these measures work.”  We’re jumping off the cliff without knowing where we will land.
You’re not thinking of the whole picture (social & economic consequences) and have only received one perspective from the media and health officials, who were clueless about this in February. They could have been prepared, through removing barriers to testing and giving good information. Now, we should trust every word they say?   The people who are living in the dark are those who are making decisions based on this “data” which is unreliable, according to this Stanford epidemiology professor. He even says flattening the curve may actually make things worse.   You are as perhaps the elephant who jumps off the clip without knowing where to land.   https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/17/a-fiasco-in-the-making-as-the-coronavirus-pandemic-takes-hold-we-are-making-decisions-without-reliable-data/  The real tragedy is that bureaucratic red tape caused a massive testing shortage that suffocated American universities and private entities, which could met the needs for the epidemic. Unfortunately, we have to live with the consequences. Please don’t advocate for making this worse, through additional social and economic interventions that are not proven to work.
Well I hope to relieve your anxiety. Professor Ioannidis, who also is a renowned epidemiologist at Stanford, has a different point of view. He argues that the data they are plugging into the model from China and Italy cannot be trusted.   “The data collected so far on how many people are infected and how the epidemic is evolving are utterly unreliable. Given the limited testing to date, some deaths and probably the vast majority of infections due to SARS-CoV-2 are being missed. We don’t know if we are failing to capture infections by a factor of three or 300. Three months after the outbreak emerged, most countries, including the U.S., lack the ability to test a large number of people and no countries have reliable data on the prevalence of the virus in a representative random sample of the general population.”  “In the most pessimistic scenario, which I do not espouse, if the new coronavirus infects 60% of the global population and 1% of the infected people die..”  “One of the bottom lines is that we don’t know how long social distancing measures and lockdowns can be maintained without major consequences to the economy, society, and mental health. Unpredictable evolutions may ensue, including financial crisis, unrest, civil strife, war, and a meltdown of the social fabric. At a minimum, we need unbiased prevalence and incidence data for the evolving infectious load to guide decision-making.”   https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/17/a-fiasco-in-the-making-as-the-coronavirus-pandemic-takes-hold-we-are-making-decisions-without-reliable-data/
As someone who knows data, that is not reliable enough to take such drastic action. There are many variables you’re not considering.   “In an autopsy series that tested for respiratory viruses in specimens from 57 elderly persons who died during the 2016 to 2017 influenza season, influenza viruses were detected in 18% of the specimens, while any kind of respiratory virus was found in 47%. In some people who die from viral respiratory pathogens, more than one virus is found upon autopsy and bacteria are often superimposed. A positive test for coronavirus does not mean necessarily that this virus is always primarily responsible for a patient’s demise.”  https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/17/a-fiasco-in-the-making-as-the-coronavirus-pandemic-takes-hold-we-are-making-decisions-without-reliable-data/  “That huge range markedly affects how severe the pandemic is and what should be done. A population-wide case fatality rate of 0.05% is lower than seasonal influenza. If that is the true rate, locking down the world with potentially tremendous social and financial consequences may be totally irrational. It’s like an elephant being attacked by a house cat. Frustrated and trying to avoid the cat, the elephant accidentally jumps off a cliff and dies”
Look at California - they just initiated a lockdown.
Well, you are quoting an opinion article, not a study. It's true that we don't have enough data to know what the optimal strategies are but we do know that social distancing works in general. Every country is doing that including South Korea. We are trying to avoid what is happening in Italy. Without social distancing, we are just a few weeks away from hospitals being overrun in Charlotte. So, the idea is to buy a more time while we do more research and find better strategies, probably  with drugs being a major component.
Please tell me what the social and economic consequences will be if say 7% of the country dies.   Also, I'm in the analytics field. I know about data. You are choosing to ignore reality. Let's regroup in 10 days and see how this is playing out.
> Look at California - they just initiated a lockdown.  Look at the details of the "lockdown".  This isn't martial law.  People are still allowed to go to the grocery store.  People are still allowed to go get medications.  You can still walk your dogs.  Kids can still play in their yards.  You can still go get take-out.  People are still allowed to commute to jobs.  https://www.politico.com/states/california/story/2020/03/19/newsom-orders-all-40m-californians-to-stay-home-in-nations-strictest-state-lockdown-1268248
The point of the article is that everything is an opinion/guess at this stage and the harsh measures proposed are not based on reliable data. Its almost religious fanaticism on here for certain solutions that may make things worse.   We should be careful in making decisions that may worsen the economic and social impact.
Where did you get 7% from? That’s completely made up.  Thats exactly what Professor Ioannidis is talking about.  “This evidence fiasco creates tremendous uncertainty about the risk of dying from Covid-19. Reported case fatality rates, like the official 3.4% rate from the World Health Organization, cause horror — and are meaningless.”  “The one situation where an entire, closed population was tested was the Diamond Princess cruise ship and its quarantine passengers. The case fatality rate there was 1.0%, but this was a largely elderly population, in which the death rate from Covid-19 is much higher”  “Adding these extra sources of uncertainty, reasonable estimates for the case fatality ratio in the general U.S. population vary from 0.05% to 1%.”
Yep, still considered a lockdown by executive order of the state of California. Just repeating what I literally read. No reason to argue about this as it serves no purpose.
Oh it's totally made up, but can you prove me wrong? No, because we don't have enough data for that either. We won't have enough data til this is all said and done, but there are times when you need to act based on the data we currently have.   We know 10% of cars need critical care in Italy. We know people are dying at home in Italy so their fatality numbers are understated. We know we have fewer hospital beds per person than Italy. We know doctors and nurses are already getting sick here and we are running out of protective gear to keep them safe. People are afraid to go to the doctor or take time off work because of exorbitant health care costs in the US, and may choose to not seek the care they need for other conditions while our hospitals are overrun with this.   Here's another epidemiologist's take, since you seem to really love that singular article that verifies your own thoughts:  https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/18/we-know-enough-now-to-act-decisively-against-covid-19/
Except people like you who seem to believe you'll be mandated to stay inside for a period of time and rushing to the store to hoard supplies are making it worse for everyone and causing supply shortages.
His mistake is failing to account for the long-term economic and social harm that misguided interventions could inflict. He is not looking at the whole picture, but only one aspect.   My point is that Ioannidis’ view, while contrarian, does account for the consequences of economic decline and social strife and deserves consideration. No one wants people to die, but we want to minimize the total harm from this, not increase it inadvertently based on unreliable data.
I’m not going to bother continuing this conversation as you seem to want to just argue. No point in it, really.   I’m not one of those people hoarding 12 packs of toilet paper. Take it easy.   Have a good one, be safe.
>  you seem to want to just argue  I mean, if you see me debunking your nonsense as arguing then fine.  But you LITERALLY said you were stocking up.  That needs to stop so supplies can recover.

Flatline COVID - 19
When do you guys think we'll flatline COVID-19 and cases begin to drop?
Can't tell, not enough information yet. We will ultimately beat it, but we have yet to see the honest impact of st Patrick's day weekend
A lot of people off the roads, resturaunts bars closed, I think sick are staying home I hope we may still have a hope
Sometime in May, probably June.
Yea in late June - July maybe
¯\_(ツ)_/¯   If that’s not the $64,000 Question...
As soon as everyone is tested
When people start staying home instead of packing every grocery store in the county.
August.
It’ll be weeks yet: https://www.statista.com/chart/21112/covid-19-growth-curve-selected-countries/
2 weeks. Big spike this week as testing catches up, peak next week and then level off as social distancing and staying home has an impact.
Not remotely two weeks. We have another 5-6 weeks st least.

Should I just stay home and not go anywhere? (COVID-19)
As of this writing, more people have died in the USA from it than have recovered from it.  (That we know of)The county says its not safe to eat at restaurants, and businesses say it's not safe to go to work.NY and CA shut down.  Who's to say it isn't that bad here now, or soon?\*\*I think it's best to stay home and go nowhere.  Am I the crazy one?\*\*
Social distancing doesn’t mean you have to stay inside 24/7, although you could if you wanted to. Taking a walk outside isn’t dangerous, just make sure you keep a 6 ft. or greater distance between yourself and others.
Don’t plan to go to public gathering places. Do go for walks, hikes, runs, bike rides, shoot some hoops,etc. Remember to get outside and get some sunlight.   I’m not sure why some people started stating “Stay inside!”. This isn’t that kind of situation.
Stay home unless you need to go out for something like work, food, doctor, etc..  If you need to get out take a walk.
I work for a delivery company. I wish I could stay home. Instead I’m out delivering things to people in hopes they stay in. Please from someone who try to keep some normalcy for everyone right now, stay at home. If the people get sick who are out trying to help others, we’re all screwed. There are people keeping your power turn on, your water, your internet/cable, your phones, there are people working at grocery stores to supple everyone foods, veterinarians, police/fire rescue/EMT, delivery services, the list goes on. Please stay home. If you run out of supplies and have to go out please take precautions. This is serious and it’s going to get a lot worse. You have the power to prevent this situation from becoming catastrophic. You have the power to save hundreds probably thousands of lives.
The fact that people are actually dense enough to not understand the reasons that YES, you SHOULD stay at home unless it's food, medical etc. is why this pandemic is going to get much, much worse. One commenter here is suggesting it's ok to hang out with family and friends and just 'watch' who you're hanging with. Uh, what? Watch what, the invisible virus that is polite enough to not infect your family or friends? Absolute stupidity.
Parks are open. Go for a walk. Ride a bike. Play disc golf. Inhale a lungful of tree ejaculate.
As someone who has it, it’s miserable I went out on St Patrick’s and caught it and I feel pretty stupid now, I wish I had stayed home.
“More people have died than have recovered from it” — what? According to what source?
Wait, what? More people have certainly not died from it than recovered from it. That would be ridiculously scary.
You don't literally have to stay inside all day, because you have to get food and necessities. You can be around your friends and family too, but you need to watch the amount of people you're around, who you're around, and the setting.
But the elevator ride is longer than I can hold my breath, and using the stairs are not an option.
Right now with my allergies outside is pretty bad as well...
\^\^ Funny name, but totally makes sense comment
The commenter on Facebook who said to just stay away from seafood because that's where the virus originated... 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
I hope you weren’t around any older people since then
Wow! Do you know where you got it from? Or like, who knows???
Any resource will show you -   https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ 237 have died, 147 have recovered from it  https://ncov2019.live/ 235 people have died in the USA, 26 have recovered, 60 are in serious condition  https://covid19.nguy.dev/ 227 have died, 121 recovered
>Any resource will show you -   >   >[https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/) 237 have died, 147 have recovered from it   >   >[https://ncov2019.live/](https://ncov2019.live/)235 people have died in the USA, 26 have recovered, 60 are in serious condition   >   >[https://covid19.nguy.dev/](https://covid19.nguy.dev/) 227 have died, 121 recovered
This virus Is invisible, Just because they’re your friends and family, doesn’t mean you or one of them is immune. All it could take is one of them to be infected and pass it to everyone.
Real question here: why on earth would you need to hold your breath? Yes COVID19 is airborne but honestly no need to hold your breath. I’m a health care provider in a high risk category health wise. I walk every single day on the greenways, I wait until the elevator is empty to ride and I scrub the fuck out of my hands when I get home, I avoid touching my face, eyes and nose. Use reasonable common sense and stay away from crowds use good hand washing techniques but don’t panic and most of no need to hold your breath!
No clue but I was all over southend, there are at least three of us who have it from that.
Ah ok, I see now. I also see there’s 18,000 mild condition vs 60 in critical. Hopefully the ratio will swing wide as soon as the mild cases clear up.
In the US, there have not been enough test kits.  There's no way to know how many cases there actually were that people have already recovered from or that only had mild symptoms and recovered or that never had symptoms.
Please take a break from the constant COVID19 coverage watching that nonstop is only going to cause fear. Health anxiety is truly a thing especially at times like this, be informed but don’t panic.
Right.  But you need to look at the bigger metric.  Which is somewhere between 1.3 and 2.2% of the people that get it die.  You may get sick from it, but you're unlikely to die from it.
The death rate is like 1.3% right now in the US, and I think up to 4% worldwide (although that's skewed because the amount of tests, especially in the US, are low). More people are not dying from the coronavirus than recovering from it. It would be absolute madness and chaos if the death rate was above 50%. It's not the Black Plague.
We don't really have a choice of not being around our family.  Friends? Sure, but ultimately if you are going to grocery stores or you live in apartment complexes, you are already going into spaces where the virus can spread easily.   Unless of course they do a complete lockdown, but that isn't sustainable, because we have to eat and get necessities.  Regardless, social distancing doesn't literally mean staying to yourself and only yourself. You can be around others. Just watch who those people are.
It's easy to maintain social distance outside, but it's harder indoors - I got suck in an elevator today with someone who insisted on coming in and the doors shut before we could sort it out. I'm really upset......
How soon after you went out on St. Patty's day did you start to feel it?
I agree, because right now it looks scary  USA Closed Cases: 384  &#x200B;  147 (38%) Recovered / Discharged  &#x200B;  237 (62%)Deaths
USA Closed Cases: 384  147 (38%) Recovered / Discharged  237 (62%)Deaths
True, it doesn’t mean staying to yourself. However, telling people “to watch out and be mindful of who theyre around isn’t sound advice either.
>ultimately if you are going to grocery stores or you live in apartment complexes, you are already going into spaces where the virus can spread easily  Right. Which is why we do want to minimize *discretionary* interactions. Since there are some essential opportunities for cross-contamination and asymptomatic spread, we want to reduce optional social gatherings because **fewer** opportunities for the virus to spread is **better.**   It's not an all-or-nothing situation. It's not a "Since we can't have perfect hermetic isolation, we might as well all french kiss the mailman!" Incremental reductions in population mixing are important to spacing out the infections over a time period our healthcare system can manage.
Unless they sneezed or coughed directly into your face, or you didn't wash your hands for at least 20 seconds before touching your face, you're fine.  The virus can't penetrate skin.  It requires you to touch something infected with the virus and then touch your face when it can get into your nose or mouth or for someone with the active virus to sneeze or cough into your face.
Late Monday
There is also some unknown number of cases that haven't required medical intervention.
I had noticed that too and wondered if it was indeed alarming or if I was misunderstanding something.
You're not counting the thousands upon thousands of mild cases that dont require any hospitilization? They're still cases of coronavirus.  Do you honestly think more people have died than have recovered overall? Seriously? That would be absurd. Everything would be shut down across the world.
Yes it is, because you have to be around people at some point. Whether that's the grocery store, picking up food, or getting gas. Or, you're someone who lives with a big family or at an apartment complex where a ton of people come in everyday.  Some of us do not have a convenient route to isolation; so, you have to be mindful of where you go and who you're around.
There are likely plenty of folks walking around every city who are positive and having mild symptoms therefore we may never have a true number of cases. For this very reason they are asking folks to socially distance and avoid crowds. I don’t see any reason to be alarmed use good judgement, stay home, take walks but avoid crowds and most of all use good hand washing techniques. Just don’t panic that serves no one any good.
That’s the problem, that last statement is false. How does “one be mindful” when you can’t even see the virus? That’s like saying “be mindful of those that have hiv”.
You’re being mindful of the total people you routinely go around, (ie, I live alone and spend time with a family member who also lives alone and no one else) I’m not going to spend the next month totally alone. That would cause depression which also can kill
You're being mindful of who you're around when you avoid people who are still going out to a ton of places, or going to settings where a lot of people still go. Clearly you can't aim to specifically not be around Asymptomatic Annie who hasn't even been tested.
Again, that doesn’t make any sense because the number of people your around doesn’t matter. All it takes is one, hell may not even be oneZ the virus lives in the air, on metal, wood, plastic, mail, etc
How can you say it doesn't matter when all of this started with discouraging and banning events with mass amounts of people?  If the number of people didn't matter, we would all still be living our regular lives and all of these sporting and music events wouldn't be cancelled.
Bc all it takes is one person to infect another. And so on.  You don’t need 10 or more people to magically fall victim to it.  The virus doesn’t care.
But a high number of people in one space still clearly matters. Otherwise, there wouldn't really be a self-quarantine.
Hence why the lower the number the better.

FU COVID 19... love, The Neighborhood Theatre

Lol. Unfortunately that movie will never be sold out.
wow so edgy

North Carolina reports first case of coronavirus

Well it looks like I’m about to go home, pour a nice glass of wine, light some candles, and climb into a bathtub full of hand-sanitizer.
There are more people than you would think that seem perfectly healthy and young'ish but are on medications that would make you more than a bit concerned about getting this virus and survivability. More people have diabetes or arthritis than people realize and the medication for those has a tendency to cause the immune system to be slightly or significantly compromised. Not HIV level problems but enough that you could get pneumonia more easily than normal. I have family members and co-workers that fall into both categories and probably more people than I know have something that they haven't disclosed.  It is a scary time for those people and they should be treated with some sensitivity.
My guess is that the virus is already widespread, the US has barely done any testing. Hell South Korea has drive through testing, while we've been mailing a couple hundred off to the CDC in Atlanta. I bet there're hundreds of cases in NC already, probably starting to make the rounds around Charlotte. Most cases are mild and people who have it haven't been to China/ Italy etc, so they're chalking it up to just another cold/ flu. Kids barely present symptoms, which is a major blessing since they're little playground vectors.  I'm not afraid of contracting the virus; more concerned about transmitting to at risk individuals. Too little too late containment response/ freakout will be a pain once we actually start testing. Could be completely wrong though.
ok but when can we work from home
Raleigh came from Washington.
Everyone is mocking the “just wait two weeks” crowd but look at where we (the world) are at now since 2/18. Quite a bit different eh? Just wait another two...  Also love how Cooper says it’s a 1.4% mortality rate, despite the WHO already putting it at 3.4%. Where do they get their info from?  Also, 15% mortality rate for people age 70+. Wash your hands folks. Sanitize after touching things, especially elevators.
I still have plenty of milk and bread from the recent snowstorm so I should be fine!
[These are the geniuses that live among us ](https://i.imgur.com/R1h2A5x.jpg)
Pence is on the case!  We just need to pray more! 🙏🙏  /S
Fuck.
I live in NC and had the flu a couple days ago. This beer virus is definitely not getting me.
Eeeeek
Here is the non-amp / Google Botnet [link](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article240750876.html)
Quick, everyone buy all the bread and milk they can!
Studying abroad in the UK rn and just came down with cold symptoms, but I’ll think I’ll be alright I keep telling my fellow students that I could have It and younger people show less symptoms but they kinda just don’t care.
T +2 days and still no Charlotte/Meck County announcement ?
I almost want to get it just so I can stay home for a few weeks. And it seems inevitable that we’re going to get it eventually.
You love to see it folks
Says them as I've been sick for the past three days with the exact same set of symptoms as mild COVID-19 lol.  See y'all at my work. I'll be sure to sneeze on the boomers for ya.  ^(\[In all seriousness it's probably just a cold.\])
I just want to be pure
Street value of all that sanitizer is 5k right now
Just make sure you stock up on plenty of wine to last a couple of months!
Yeah I take an immune suppressant and I’m slightly concerned if my immune system is strong enough to handle a mass outbreak. I’m fairly young and healthy otherwise.
They reclassified a death from last week in Washington to Coronavirus. It’s been here and spreading for a few weeks, but we’ve only tested a few hundred people.
Same. Not worried about getting it at all.   However, I have a 1 year old and my wife’s pregnant (and works in healthcare). Very worried about them catching it.
I don't know that kids not exhibiting symptoms is a blessing, it just means they are out there spreading it
Luckily the company I work for has halted non-required travel for outside sales, so it’ll be a boring couple of weeks.
You are right
Oh look at Mr. Money bags over here with a home.
Our company already instituted no questions asked work remote last week
I work for a large company already looking at this.
I already work from home :)
Raleigh finally beat us at something.
I now carry mini hand sanitizer bottles that fit in a coat pocket. Thankfully my polling place had sanitizer and wipes on hand
Because coronavirus is fake news 🙄:  https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5e5e785ec5b67ed38b3914ad
The mortality rate isn’t the most concerning part, it’s the hospitalization rate. The common cold and flu have a ~1% hospitalization rate, Covid-19 has a 10-12% hospitalization rate. There are less than 100,000 respirators in the US, and it even .1% of the population ends up in the hospital from this, that’s 300,000 hospital stays.
Wait for a few years when most people have been retrospectively checked for COVID-19 developed antibodies and that mortality rate should significantly drop. Guarantee you a metric fuck ton of people will never know they even had it until some doctor shares it to them down the line.  Yes I know people have been dying of it in the US for weeks and those deaths are probably classified as the flu, but I’m willing to bet tens of thousands here already have it and will never be part of the statistics we see.
Cherry Berry wants YOU to wash your hands
Now wait 28 Days Later...
The 3.4% is based on the ratio of deaths to confirmed cases. However, most experts believe that the number of actual cases is far greater than confirmed cases, which would push the mortality rate down. So, the WHO is not wrong. They are just using a different metric with a different meaning.
Another two weeks and it’ll be really cray cray. This weekend is daylight savings time -> sleep deprivation en masse -> lowered immune response (not to mention the annual uptick in traffic accidents) -> virus spreads even faster... 🤭
I'm still mocking them.
You might want to smell that milk
No, we need to have faith in our medical professionals who actually know what they're talking about. Not a politician who doesn't even have a background in healthcare.
Any source on this? It’s sort of just spreading fear, uncertainty, and doubt otherwise.
No there isn't.
You edited your comment and not only did you not fix your original spelling error you added a second one
Hi I’m John Lewis CEO of CATS AMA about the light rail and the coronavirus
I just got over my cold and my hubs has one now with more serious upper respiratory issues. Probably corona. Oh well. 🤷‍♀️ Hope you feel better soon!!
If by coronavirus you mean raging diarrhea then me too...me too
Washington state and visited the long-term care facility where most the deaths have occured and like 90% of the people who live and work there have it. I'm betting was infected but wasn't showing signs until got back home so exposed everyone on that flight to it and those who got it are spreading it until they show signs.
Gotta cut off your hair. The germs, it’s in the hair.
I can get you that HOOKUP on some high-grade hand sanitizer, 🅱️! I'm talking 99.999%!
Same boat as you. That’s the one thing that sort of scares me. Honestly, I’m a little concerned riding the light rail in rush hour as well.
Lot a people in that situation.
The data on COVID-19 and kids/babies has been positive so far [(source)](https://www.contemporarypediatrics.com/infectious-disease/kids-and-covid-19-illness-appears-mild). Obviously this is a week old, but I don’t think there’s been anything major change.
That's not how percentages work.
What're you getting at?
I think you mean one bed per 50 people.
Ok, when can we work from a locked gas station bathroom near a Starbucks?
Are they hiring?
Might wanna add a /s
Exactly. 3.4% mortality is still brutal, but this is by far the most daunting aspect of the disease.    I’ve seen the most recent estimates reflecting 30-40% requiring hospitalization, and 20% requiring mech vent. We do not have enough oxygen/labor. I **think** that unfortunately, when that rate-limiting factor is fulfilled, mortality will *likely* increase considerably.
I doubt every single person is going to get it, and not everyone is going to be hospitalized at the same time.
Cherie Berry lifts me up
THE GOAT
That’s actual versus theoretical. Which would you take? And how many deaths were not properly counted either?
You shouldn’t. Yes, this isn’t the end of the world but it’s also not just the typical seasonal flu. The scary part is how crazy contagious this thing is, R0 number is very high.  You and I may very well survive such a virus, but will all those close to you? Your young family members? Your grandparents or loved ones with pre-existing medical conditions?  And it’s not just the virus. It’s how such a virulent pandemic causes society to react. Especially considering our reliance on China. Let’s not forget that 80% of prescription drugs are made there. So when people here have difficulties filling their prescriptions... or getting basic things... is gonna cause a panic.  People aren’t going to just pretend like everything is alright. And if the retail or food service industry gets infected... it’s going to be a hoot.  Everything is fine until it isn’t. “Nobody should know how bad things are until everybody knows.” Go look at sanitation supplies at local stores, supplies are dwindling.  Mock all you like, those who prepare and take precautions will have the last laugh.
I was with someone last night whose wife is a nurse at Novant who said there is a suspected case but it has not been confirmed yet.
I'm not actually serious lol.  COVID-19 is the exact same set of symptoms as colds and flu until it gets severe, the only way to find out if you have it is to get tested. And they won't test you unless you've been to China in the past 14 days or have been in direct contact with infected, so there's obviously a TON of community transmission cases flying under the radar.
I wonder if they flew direct into Raleigh or if they had a layover in Charlotte.
I think if I was at a facility like that I would not leave and expose people?
That’s what carries the diseeease, Dennis
Wear gloves. Wash hands either side of any trip. Wash hands every time you enter your house, every time you arrive on your floor at work, and sanitize when you sit in the car. Those are easy. Next: N95 mask.
We already know the chain extends out to Wake Forest, NC (if I am understanding this correctly).  The case here in NC got it by visiting someone at the nursing home there in Washington, then traveling home by air.  They didn’t get sick until they arrived back here in NC, it sounds like.
1 in 5. FTFY
Haha actually yes
That's what the eye roll emoji is for 🙄.
I wish the /s could be used there
Additionally, of the people that SHOULD go to the hospital, at least 10-15% won’t because medical bills would force them into bankruptcy or long term financial struggles.
We still don't know the mortality rate, as someone can go 2 weeks without showing symptoms and those symptoms can be extremely mild and ignored.    Those people don't end up in the data citing the mortality.
Viruses don't generally infect everyone. Once a certain threshold of people get it and recover, they become immune and stop spreading it. However, some epidemiologists estimate that  40-70% of the world's population will get it.   If that turns out to be true and the mortality rate is something like 1%, it's going to wreak havoc on our medical system and our economy.
That’s why I used .1%.  That would mean 1% of the population gets it, and 10% of the people that get it are hospitalized
Unknown Brewing had a cherry tart beer called Elevator Lady. No word on how tart Cherie Berry really is
Well done!
The virus is causing people to react this way because of all the attention this is getting which it shouldn’t be. It’s a vicious circle.
So, it’s just second hand - it may even be third hand - hearsay then?
Oh oops. Lol Hmm if my hubs works at the airport and now he's sick when should I start to panic?
Do you have specific data you’d like to share that addresses cases in children and pregnant women? If not, please stop making generalizations. I’m pregnant, I’m aware I’m immunosuppressed, but that isn’t particularly meaningful or even remotely helpful right now.
You did indeed. I was definitely commenting past my bedtime. Doh!
Hook us up sassy
Keep emojis off reddit
Bingo; we haven’t even done 1,000 tests at this point, total. **And we’re charging $3,000 per test.** And as of today, the CDC has the number of tests conducted hidden from their website. No longer publicly available information.   Meanwhile, SK is cranking out **10,000 nucleic acid tests per day**. For **free**. They even **offer free drive-thru testing**.   Mark my words. This will prove to be the biggest public health scandal of the 21st century.
Yeah, I feel like this is the big overlooked park. That and the hilarious man yells at cloud assumption that an airborne virus that has asymptomatic carriers can be contained by human means in a global environment. I’ve accepted the clusterfuck, and determined to stay away from the hysteria.
Fair enough.  Still think it would be staggered and not every respirator would be in use at the same time.
Explain to me why this pandemic does not deserve the attention it's getting? People should just have their heads in the sand and act like this is a normal occurrence with zero impact?  China's reaction and extreme quarantine/lockdown efforts to this is just *totally* ordinary? Just the flu huh...
If he starts to have serious breathing problems.  Since he works at the airport you might be able to get him tested by calling the CDC hotline for it, as there's a theoretical possibility he may have been in contact with someone transmitting the virus.  In comparison, I just got sick after coming home from nightshift on Sunday so I highly doubt what I have is COVID-19. But you might actually want to get your husband tested if he has been working with international flights.
😇😃😚🤩🤑😛🤑🙂🤑🤩🤑🙂🤑😀🤑🤥🤫😐🤭🤥🤫🤥🤤🤒😏😌🤫🤥🤫🤥😒🤥🤫😌🤫🤒🤤🤒😶🥴🤮🥴🤧🥶😔🤕🤮🤕🤧🥴🤩🤑🙂🤗🙂🤩😂😣🤔😣🤢🤮🤮🤣
It's pretty abysmal how little testing is being done. I work at a lab in Charlotte and we do viral marker testing for plasma donations. We can test up to 25,000 samples a day. It will take awhile to get the tests automated, but they should at least have more manual testing by now.
Agreed - this virus will expose the staggering deficiencies of our nation’s profit-driven healthcare model.  The europeans are also building out testing centers and distributing preventive care kits while our U.S. politicians argue with the real experts.  If it’s in Raleigh and Atlanta, Covid-19 is here in Charlotte.. just a matter of a day or too before the announcement.
Marked
It isn’t as if this equipment is sitting around totally unused, just waiting for this outbreak. There are a wide variety of other health issues that require respirators and ICU space. Adding this many patients above the normal rate will overwhelm capacity.
Also, it is not a pandemic. WHO reinforced that today.
You live in Midwood, not China. Calm down.
I am reacting to the contradictions in your post and all statements like them. “It’s a bad deal but not the end of the world. The bad thing is how it causes people to react.”  Well people react that way because people keep talking about it and hyping it up. It’s a circular argument.
Good call. I'm giving it another day. If it was just a cold like I had were ok. Not to mention were leaving in 3 weeks for Ireland so international travel isn't gonna help. Ugh this thing is a hot mess.
Can’t watch the video at the moment - what, specifically, is the data on children and pregnant women?
China can lock people in their home to keep it from spreading. Good luck trying that in Midwood
Guess you don’t understand globalism. Spanish Flu started somewhere at one point as well. And the world was far far less connected than it is today.
Guess you don’t understand hygiene and medical advances in the last 1000 years. Come on. I get globalism better than most. Hell, I study the damn thing to an extent.
As I said, I can’t watch the video at the moment. You listed points in a previous comment that seemed pretty generalized and not specific to children or pregnant women. So far, data has indicated children that have COVID-19 (which happens at a lower rate than older people) have mild cases.
I will. I never said it’s definitely the flu, just that the data we have points to positive outcomes for children and pregnant women, which was the specific concern. You recalled a 20% hospitalization rate, but I’m assuming that was general population? That breaks down quickly when you adjust by age and context is super important. Anywho, I’ll watch when I can but overall the point stands that so far outcomes are better for children.

Coronavirus: Stay home this weekend, Charlotte
Im seriuos, this weeked will be one of the worst for spread.Avoid human contact, stay home and safe.  This is not a drill!Downvote away, but if you look at what happened in EVERY OTHER CITY/COUNTRY AROUND THE WORLD, you will see that we need to be on HIGH ALERT here.  Not soon, not later, its already 'too late'.
Username checks out. If you go out just actually wash your hands.
Panic does not help and you know this because you welcome the downvotes.
Yeah, I'm not going to live in a bubble because of an overhyped flu.
noidontthinkiwill.jpg
Lets be realistic about this.  The Wuhan Coronavirus is just a viral pnemonia.  It is not much more infectious than the regular ole flu.  The mortality rate for those without preexisting conditions is extremely low.  Would it suck to get? Yes, but this thing is really being blown up for some reason...
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/charlotte] [19 days ago i posted this in \/r\/charlotte - nobody believed me -](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fph7b3/19_days_ago_i_posted_this_in_rcharlotte_nobody/)  &nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
And its gonna to be 80 degrees this weekend. Nobody staying home
And don’t get within 6 feet of anyone else.
Dont touch anything to begin with
Humans have survived for millennia due to rational fear and precaution, things you and others so quickly dismiss as “panic”.  Recklessness and willful ignorance don’t seem to help in the same regard when it comes to survival.
Avoiding contact, staying home, and keeping safe is not “panic”. That word is getting used very loosely lately.
This isn’t panic man. This is a huge serious ordeal. Don’t underestimate it!
I mean if there was a time to panic now would be it! This is serious. If everyone will think of others and take extra steps to protect theirselves and others, we might have a chance. So everyone please stop being gross and put on your germaphobic hats so we might all survive! If your sick don’t risk the harm to others. If you suspect that you might have been in contact than call the hospital before going to let them prepare and avoid risking others.
This aged very well
🧐
This is not an overhyped flu.  This is something that is silent with a two+ week incubation period, that is related to SARS (which 10+ years later 40% of the survivors still have respiratory issues)  This is something EXTREMELY EASY TO TRANSMIT AND CATCH.  Far more than your grandpa's flu  Im serious dude.  Take it serious.  The people of China, Italty, Germany, etc - they arent dumb people - smart people like you catch this thing.
This is not an overhyped flu
/r/agedlikemilk
Lmaooo
What a shithead comment. Still feel the same way?
"Overhyped flu"
I can admit when I was wrong.  Although "not living in a bubble" for me is, like, going to the dog park--not going to a packed bar and making out with strangers
Hey, nice comment. Still feel the same way?
No, not at all blown up.  Look at what happened in China.  They aren't dumb people who dont wash their hands.  This is spreading faster than wildfire in the USA and you NEED to stay indoors and away from people.  Even the survivors of SARS have lasting lung damage.
Hey everybody check out this guy. He’s so funny!
Well their two biggest attendees dropped out...
Nobody is saying to be reckless and ignore it; just that panicking does not help.
My words still hold true.
People should not panic and this post was a panic post that does nothing. Responding to a post from 19 days ago does not mean things have changed and it's okay to panic now because it still is not.
I want you guys to remember the downvotes you guys gave me. Remember when you read about the NC governor declaring a state of emergency for NC. Remember it when you and your loved ones get sick.
I’m laughing my ass off
Even better now.
Hello - yes, I’d like to report a fatality
It's related to SARS in the same way SARS and Covid-19 are related to the common cold.
4 months later... the fucking irony of idiots like this
Im not trying to be funny. People will be out in this nice weather this weekend
you were saying?
WEAR GLOVES WHILE YOU LEVITATE
You missed the entire point of the original post and mine. We obviously disagree and I’m ok with that. You do you, boo. Have a nice day.
Annnnnnnnd this is why we just passed China and Italy for most cases and will continue to climb without slowing down.   I don’t care if it’s 80 and sunny or 25 and snowy, there are no reasons to be going out right now.   Everywhere is closed anyway!
And a N95 mask
OP's post is a person in complete panic and hysterically venting on reddit that people need to heed advice... before it's 'too late.' It is not a rational post, and as such is was downvoted. Dragging it back 19 days later is not any vindication on a shit post, it's still crap and trying to play smug ain't going to work. You do you, boo.
You can go outside without spreading the virus. There are plenty of things you can do without coming anywhere close enough to people to worry about spread.
Man, you picked the tiniest shittiest little pile of shit to plant this weird little flag on.
Look in the mirror.

Targeting the RNC with coronavirus
A thought I had this weekend that you probably don't want to think about: if coronavirus keeps up through the summer, but the RNC isn't canceled, there will likely be people that will come here to try and get people infected intentionally. Someone with coronavirus in Texas may come here and start licking hotel doorknobs and smearing feces on walls in hopes of getting Republicans sick. There was a guy at CPAC this year that had coronavirus and shook a bunch of members of Congress' hands and now those people are being quarantined. And that guy was apparently a Republican supporter.Have a good Monday!
It’s already here in Charlotte. Don’t be fooled. It’s everywhere dude.
Based on some of the restaurant health scores, I'm assuming licking door knobs and smearing feces is already the norm here.
If it keeps up through the summer, 50-70% of the entire population will have already been affected by COVID-19.  I'm hoping to get those antibodies early.

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, there is confusion and misinformation about what is happening in North Carolina.Here are the current facts:**Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina**Wake County - Individual traveled from State of Washington, where they were exposed at a long-term care facility. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.Chatham County - Individual traveled to Italy and also had contact with someone who was confirmed positive in Georgia. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.In addition, an individual in Spartanburg, SC, who has tested positive recently returned from Italy through Charlotte's airport. There are currently NO reported cases in Mecklenburg.**Current Testing Roadblocks**NC has begun testing cases at the NC State Laboratory of Public Health, which allows for faster results (24-hour turnaround time).However, NC has not received the number of kits we had hoped to receive from the CDC. Two factors are making this a more critical situation.  * First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  * Second, the case in Chatham County will likely result in a need for more tests.The laboratory supplies we have on-hand from the CDC are only adequate to test approximately 150 individuals. Additional supplies en route to NC, however those incoming shipments will only allow us to test an additional 500 people, far below what is needed under the new CDC guidance. In addition, a small portion of our supplies will be earmarked to perform confirmatory testing for our state’s clinical laboratory partners – per federal requirements – while they implement their own testing for COVID-19.Our NC DHHS sent a letter to Secretary Azar explaining the situation and critical need for more test kits. They have been in contact with our federal delegation and have had communication with the White House.**Testing Outlook**Our NC DHHS signed an agreement with UNC on Wednesday and Duke on Thursday so they can begin testing*.* UNC will be able to start testing early this week. We are still waiting on confirmation for the Duke timeline. However, the shortage of testing kits from the CDC will also hamper their ability to test the number of people we should be testing based on the new CDC guidance.In addition, LabCorps will begin testing in the next couple of weeks. They have a 3-4 day turnaround time at this point. They will be using their own test so they won't be limited by the CDC supply issues. LabCorps will eventually help some of the volume, but it will take time to ramp up. Also, that turnaround time is a challenge because the folks that LabCorps test will need to stay quarantined 3-4x longer than the ones we test (assuming they're negative - positives will have the same isolation period). **State Preparation & Constituent Resources**Last month, Governor Roy Cooper established the COVID-19 Task Force to support the state’s ongoing effort to monitor, prepare for and respond to COVID-19.He also ordered the creation of the COVID-19 Helpline toll free at 1-866-462-3821. To ask questions online NC citizens should visit [www.ncpoisoncontrol.org](http://www.ncpoisoncontrol.org/) and select “chat.”**Requests for the Public**If and when community transmission accelerates, then slowing the rate of infection will be key to making sure our hospitals are not overwhelmed. Follow these recommendations not just to protect yourself and your family, but to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure that our hospitals don't get hit all at once:* Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.* Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.* Avoid exposure to others who are sick.* Stay home when you are ill.I will keep you posted as we learn more.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
I work at a hospital in NC and our guidelines still state that only those persons who have travelled through an international hot zone or come into contact with a person with a known CoVid19 infection (confirmed by a test) and has symptoms or is hospitalized with pneumonia of unknown origin are allowed to be tested.   I feel this is under testing and allows people to have a false sense of security.
Thanks for the update
I saw the title and was about to add anything I got in this e-mail from Jeff Jackson, so I clicked, moved to another browser tab, came back and....oh, never mind then.  Thanks for all that you do for keeping your constituents informed!!
Is the state doing anything for the people who can't afford the cost of testing and the threat of job loss from quarantine?
Five more positives in North Carolina. These people were just quarantined today, that means they were out and about all week while symptomatic.   https://www.wbtv.com/2020/03/09/more-people-test-positive-coronavirus-north-carolina/
I'm almost certain a coworker had it a few weeks ago. We had travelled through Dallas the week prior. His symptoms were typical: cough, aches and pain, fever for 3 days. Went to hospital tested negative for both flu and pneumonia. They said we'll call it bronchitis and sent him on his way.   This was before we had official community spread in the US and DFW was still servicing China. The idea that this isn't already wide spread in the US is just wrong  It's everywhere just unconfirmed.
https://www.wcnc.com/mobile/article/news/health/coronavirus/coronvirus-charlotte-airport-passenger-travel/275-61877d60-5709-449b-a90e-43e0aa87a567
Thanks for posting this! I’ve been worried (I live in Charlotte) about Mecklenburg cases due to the airport - I assume they’ve ramped up screening procedures there?
I wonder how come it wasn’t released before that the person infected traveled through CLT?  I’m sure it was already known by authorities.
When are NC public schools going to be suspended as Atlanta and other cities have done? Seems like the smart thing to do.
A couple things to consider when educating yourself on this topic:  Some of the information being given out by *reputable* sources is potentially flawed despite being the best information we have.  * The infected number is almost certainly much higher than the broadcasted numbers owing to the inconsistency in testing as well as the mild symptoms that so many of the infected have.  In this latter case they never seek treatment, never get tested, and therefore aren't included in these statistics.  * As far as the death numbers they're probably a little lower than reality, but not as drastically as the infected numbers.  An 84-year-old that hasn't been in contact with any of the *known* clusters but dies of pneumonia may never get tested, same with people who die never having gone to a hospital.  * Futhermore, both these numbers are almost certainly higher because there's a rather long incubation period before signs are shown (meaning we're up to two weeks behind on knowing who's infected) and most people who've died have had symptoms for over 30 days....meaning many of the people who will eventually die are currently infected but haven't died *yet.*  * This pandemic isn't as benign as the nay-sayers claim, nor is this the 1918 Spanish Flu (yet).  The truth is somewhere in the middle, and any minor steps to take should be taken.    * You may be a healthy 25 year old who gets it and never has any serious issue but maybe your grandmother gets it from you when you're celebrating her birthday.  Wash your hands!
Thanks for the update! Glad to see the universities getting involved with conducting tests, Duke and UNC Chapel Hill are pretty high level when it comes to the medical field.
Thanks for the info Senator.
Thank you Jeff!
thank you for the update
I appreciate you keeping us informed, Senator Jackson. Thank you
There are 5 cases in Camden, SC, only 80 miles away from Charlotte, and there is evidence of community spread there, where the source of virus is unknown. See [https://www.wyff4.com/article/live-at-3-pm-gov-mcmaster-health-officials-give-update-on-coronavirus-in-south-carolina/31286111](https://www.wyff4.com/article/live-at-3-pm-gov-mcmaster-health-officials-give-update-on-coronavirus-in-south-carolina/31286111).  This is more troublesome than the NC cases where source is known.
Thanks Senator Jackson!!
.  r/coronanc
The media is driving you all nuts .. be cautious but chill....
Thank you
What about NC public schools? Our school district needs to have remote learning options available for families who need to avoid crowds due to underlying conditions. What about children who are in the "at risk" category?
This situation is a wet dream for all doomsday mouth breathers as evident in this thread. Chill the fuck out guys
Just to add a little context, the CDC 2019/20 Flu season numbers are as follows -   **34 million reported cases of the flu**  **350,000 hospitalized with the flu**  **20,000 fatalities due to the flu.**  While the number of Covid-19 cases are sure to rise...we still have **fewer than 500 reported cases across the entirety of the US.**   Everyone should always observe some fairly basic courtesy such as -   * Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.  * Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.  * Avoid exposure to others who are sick.  * Stay home when you are ill.
People should be more concerned about their investments than getting the Coronavirus.
Also what is latest count and spread of flu, common cold, and stomach viruses some of which are caused by coronaviruses?  This sensationalism and hype about Covid-19 escalated by the media at the expense of our economy is hurting all of us more than this sickness.  There is an ulterior motive at play and you Senator Jackson are playing along.
Insane
I also work in healthcare and was complaining about this today. However, CDC has updated their testing guidelines to include people who "live in or have recently traveled to an affected area with sustained transmission or have been in close contact with a confirmed COVID-19 patient".   Our understanding is that Washington State, NYC, etc can qualify for an affected area with sustained transmission.  Still. I don't feel it's enough. We've had patients in our clinic with coughs who traveled internationally but not to the countries listed. It makes me very aware that it's out there, and not tested.
I thi k it's time for providers to consider their Hippocratic oath and possibly consider caring about their patients more than some misguided federal requirement. GET AHEAD OF THIS. https://www.yahoo.com/news/seattle-lab-uncovered-washingtons-coronavirus-053628224.html
From the news out of Washington, it sounds like undertesting is the goal with this Administration.  http://reddit.com/r/politics/comments/fguz6q/a_seattle_lab_uncovered_washingtons_coronavirus/
Great guidelines! Now the majority of the elderly are doomed! Tell them to send me their 401K's before it's too late!
Update to come on this. Negotiations are underway.
This is North Carolina......every man for himself.
Agreed, it’s already everywhere.  We’re too late.
I had a fever last night and am going to assume it's corona. No point in going out to try to get tested and put people at risk. Today I feel 100% but will stay put for a good while. Live by myself and well provisioned, so I'm good to go. Take care, folks.
Classic spreading of fear and misinformation
how the hell can they tell us he DID fly but not know WHEN  so frustrating
My parents were in Rey Az Teca here in Lake Wylie the other night and overheard a guy talking about how he came in from Milan and the TSA didn't even ask where he had come from or if he had been in contact with anyone sick.  There's 1 case in Spartanburg here in SC where the guy came from Milan. Along with 3 cases of community transmission from 1 sick elderly guy in Camden and 1 case of unknown origin in Charleston.
I wouldn’t expect so. I landed off an international flight in JFK last week and they did absolutely no screening there.
No. There's no screening really of anyone from international or domestic flights. A VICE journalist reported how they were in Milan covering the now quarantined outbreak there and upon entry into JFK airport customs they didn't ask a thing.  It's safe to assume that community spreading is already occuring in Charlotte.
No screening procedures that I know of. I’m a flight attendant based in CLT.
That would actually have a negative impact,  Medical staff and first responders often have kids. Not to mention how many hourly employees of the school district would have no income for however long this lasts.
Minimal testing and a long lag between infection and symptoms.  There's almost certainly infected people in Charlotte.
Can we all agree that people should be more concerned about the flu in general and ALSO concerned about COVID19?
Can we stop comparing the 2? COVID19 has no vaccine and is only 5 to 4 months old. The death rate is definitely higher, conservative numbers at 1% while flu is 0.1%
Let's say you live in a neighborhood where crime is rampant. Someone murdered there every day, everyone's car is broken into and vandalized, houses are constantly being robbed.   Then, for this example, lets say that the police are never called for any of these incidents, and the bodies of those murdered are just buried out back.   Since no one is reporting the crime, and there's no record of anything, I'd assume your neighborhood is safe to live in.  Now apply this to the coronavirus. Our "fewer than 500 reported" are not indicative of the whole, as we ARE NOT TESTING actively, since each state has a paltry amount of test kits, and are barely using them.  It's easy to downplay this when you're not testing people.
> While the number of Covid-19 cases are sure to rise...we still have fewer than 500 reported cases across the entirety of the US.  This largely due to the CDC is not properly testing. The USA currently has the highest fatality rate of any country when it comes to COVID19.
Coronavirus is orders of magnitude more deadly and will spread much faster because nobody is immune to it.  There's no need to panic, especially if you're under 65 without chronic respiratory issues, but it's not comparable to the seasonal flu.
Just to provide a reality check. The official numbers are a tiny fraction of the actual cases.  Its estimated based off of genetic data of the virus that it has been spreading across the US since mid January. There is an estimated 9k cases as of March 1st so if rates are doubling every 6 days (rate per the WHO) then that means that as of 03/09 we have around 27,000 cases  By my napkin math on March 30 we will have 288000 cases nationwide. By April 5th we will have 1.15 million and by April 28th we will have 18.4 million cases  Italy has now become fully quarantined. What "it's just a flu bro" prompts two seperate countries to fully quarantine themselves?
Who is paying for this astroturfing?  It's constant and everywhere.
Why is this downvoted so hard?
I'm sure those that die from COVID-19 will be pleasantly relieved by your message.
Wait until April/May when we have millions of cases and it completely overwhelms and wrecks our medical system. See Italy as an early example.
Stonks fell. Future me is hating 2020.
If people are so close to retirement that they need their retirement savings, those savings should be fairly heavily invested in more stable options like bonds and treasury notes. If you're far eno8lugg from retirement that it doesn't matter,  now is a damn good time to invest more for the inevitable return to market stability.
What exactly is the ulterior motive at play?  How is simply talking about Covid-19 hurting our economy and us (financially), as opposed to the production slow-down happening in China due to the outbreak?   I’m truly interested and hope your response is fact based. Thanks.
The amount of people only worried about their stock market account rather than human lives is truly disgusting
Why don’t we just put all our money in testing and analyzing all strains of the common cold and flu.
We literally have evidence now that there is community transmission within Wake county. The CDCs guidelines are extremely outdated and are massively underplaying the extent of how much this is spreading.
We go by CDC guidelines as well, but if you come in contact with a patient that has it, but isn’t tested, there are no guidelines for you to be tested. ALL healthcare workers with symptoms that have negative flu swabs should be tested for CoVid 19. That is the very least that should be done.
Jason Furman has proposed we should implement a temporary stimulus of $1000 per adult and $500 per child with a TBD monthly stipend until the crisis has passed.  Japan has also just done this implementing a stipend of $80 per day to each parent during the crisis to stay home and quarantine themselves. That's roughly $1500 a month.  [https://www3.nhk.or.jp/nhkworld/en/news/20200303\_01/](https://www3.nhk.or.jp/nhkworld/en/news/20200303_01/)
Its estimated based off of genetic data of the virus that it has been spreading across the US since mid January. There is an estimated 9k cases as of March 1st so if rates are doubling every 6 days (rate per the WHO) then that means that as of 03/09 we have around 27,000 cases  By my napkin math on March 30 we will have 288000 cases nationwide. By April 5th we will have 1.15 million and by April 28th we will have 18.4 million cases
Thank you for protecting others. If you start to have breathing problems, please contact a hospital immediately and try to put any kind of mask or face protection on (even a bandana or a cut t-shirt around your mouth is better than nothing for droplet protection). I hope that you feel better soon!
Thank you for being responsible.
Really‽ I literally just laid out what happened. I do not benefit from inciting fear. If you actually put some actual thought to the statement you could actually say it's everywhere already and we're not all dying. Which would be demonstrating that we don't need to panic, we just need to know who actually has it so you can try and protect those who need it.
At this points it's safe to assume that there's likely community spread in Charlotte (and most places around the country) simply due to how contagious it is and how many people are constantly travelling through Charlotte via road or plane.
If he came from Milan, he came through Customs. Guess he didn’t feel the need to voluntarily provide that information, making it somehow someone else’s fault.
Ugh. That’s the Port Authority for you. I heard today the head of the PA got it himself. Figures...
I know plenty of people have been getting sick with respiratory issues multiple times, which I assume are different illnesses - I stayed home with what I assumed was the flu and I haven’t gotten it in years. I’m just hoping my youth protects me.
Thanks for the information - as unsettled as I am about it.
Ok ....so because people dont have child care and some other people need to make their $15 hr we should risk the lives and health of not only our children, but their family members whom they will infect....not to mention people like my wife who work and teach in these schools that are a viral timebomb waiting to happen. Should these folks risk their health for your child care needs?
It's fine to be concerned, but downvoting this so hard just really confirms my belief that the "panic" surrounding Covid 19 is being fanned by politicians and the media for political purposes.   This isn't the Spanish flu or the black plague. It's not even the seasonal flu (as I pointed out with those numbers). For most people, they will have cold-like symptoms and get over it. For the elderly or those with other major underlying medical problems, it could be deadly, but regardless, it's not worth the constant barrage of fear mongering that I see taking place.   Maybe it's just young people and social media and this being the first big deal of an outbreak since these worlds have collided, but I recall the bird flu, swine flu, and SARS and none seem to be eliciting the fear that this currently is.
Flu vaccine is not a guarantee you won’t get the flu..look at the data
> The USA currently has the highest fatality rate of any country when it comes to COVID19.  How could we possibly know that if the CDC isn't properly testing?
>  The USA currently has the highest fatality rate of any country when it comes to COVID19.  See this is the asinine panic causing garbage you need to be aware of.  Unpack what this commenter is saying.   Yeah sure it sounds dangerous, we have the highest rate of fatality in the world....  If you consider that we only test fatalities at present then of course we have the highest rate in the world, because we are only testing people who die from it right now, and there is very very few of those.  Please, stop trying to spread panic and be a responsible grown-up adult for once.
Trump.  He posted this like 3 or 4 hours ago on Twitter.
3M? Purell? Big hand sanitizer out to get us.
Because it's downplaying the extent of the actual spread of COVID-19 and acting as if the season flu is more dangerous.
I'm sure the people who lost their life savings today and last week will be pleasantly relieved by your message.
Our medical system is already wrecked.
Tank the economy at our expense by hyping a virus with a new scary name and playing to our fears.  Impeachment on other falsehoods didn’t work.
Keep in mind our current state of federal government and how much that sounds like "socialism"
The second option would shut down the US economy overnight from loss of productivity alone, let alone the payments.  Sadly we're about to reap the result of public health as a revenue generator.
You can add another 0 or two to that 9000. I personally think it’s a lot more prevalent than what is being reported. Which makes since that the CDC doesn’t want to test, they know the numbers will skyrocket, prompting more panic.
nice interrobang
He was a dick either way.
If you're still sick, please stay home for 1-2 weeks if you can and work allows you to. If you don't have the groceries have a family member or friend buy them for you and drop from off in front of your door. If you develop any breathing problems please call the hospital beforehand and let them know. Try to cover your mouth with anything (better than nothing with droplet spread). I hope you feel better soon!
and you seem to think that healthcare workers are going to choose to go to work over taking care of their kids?  considering kids show few if any symptoms they're not considered to be in any danger.  And if it gets to the point of closing the schools we may as well close everything else too.
Because none of them spread like this while being so potentially deadly?
Data also indicates that vaccines can slow the spread of a disease and lessen the symptoms. There is no vaccine for COVID19, so there’s no slowing it down, it’s growing exponentially at this point. Mathematical models predict 1 million cases by April.
That's exactly why it's so high. We have a fatality rate based on the known cases. We are not properly testing so our fatality rate is much higher than other countries.
Because cases are only getting tested when intervention is too late.
> If you consider that we only test fatalities at present then of course we have the highest rate in the world, because we are only testing people who die from it right now, and there is very very few of those.  Apparently your reading comprehension is lacking because you just restated the point I'm making. Of course, because we are not testing for community spread, more people will inadvertently spread the disease and there is a likely hood of increased deaths.  > Please, stop trying to spread panic and be a responsible grown-up adult for once.  Your condescending tone is an impairment for anybody taking you seriously.
You're right, let's just entirely ignore the empirical data and just all freak the fuck out like idiots.
>lost their life savings today  This didn't happen to literally anyone. If you started today w/ $1m in (diverse) equities, you now have a paltry $930,000, give or take.
And yet, they're still alive?! Amazing!
Would you rather be dead or have your stocks drop?
Containment, especially in the US, is futile. We need to test en masse and self isolate.
There really isn't much we can do put prepare on an individual level and hope that the state and federal governments are ready to help...it's going to get very grim I fear over the next few months as struggling hospitals make difficult and heartbreaking decisions on who lives and dies..  Glad to see you're prepping for your family. I'm doing the same.
Basic income has been able to dodge that because it's mostly seen as a libertarian ideal.
Waive payroll taxes federally and that’s 13% less income tax (you pay half, employer pays other half).  Sometimes the solution to giving people more money is just to stop taking what’s theirs to begin with! But that kinda goes against socialism now doesn’t it...  Love how the left doesn’t want to do it now but praised their last President for doing similar.
This comment seems.... Unconstructive is the word I would like to use. The person. You're responding too provided a smidgen of data with which to give an estimate, and you're just posting, "I think it's way worse because I do and the government is already conspiring to keep it hushed.   I'm not trying to discredit your concerns, but your method of conveyance is not only alarmist but also not contributing anything to the discussion.  Now, you might heatedly respond with, "well what's your comment contributing other than putting mine down" and my answer would be awareness of how our words might effect others and the conveyence of information. Now is the time to cut down on fearmongering (not necessarily what you're doing) and noise that might obfuscate actual information.
that's a new one on me
Lol I’m agreeing with you yet I don’t see how it’s TSA or customs fault.
Oh, I stayed home, I’m much better now (thanks!). I stayed in my room the whole time, I only left the use the restroom which is just across the hall from me.
It's not empirical data. As of Friday they have only performed 2000 tests. There are now hundreds of cases, including in Raleigh, of community transmission.
Hmmm, death or working until your 90.
Exactly. Socialism is when the gov't decides which services and benefits they want to offer (free education, healthcare, housing vouchers, food stamps, etc.) where universal basic income is straight cash. UBI allows the citizen to use free will in where they spent it in a capitalistic system (rent, education, utility bills... or just save it).
In late February, the unidentified man traveled to a part of Italy that has since seen an outbreak of COVID-19. He had flu-like symptoms for two days, then felt better and flew home. At some point, he came in contact with a person who contracted coronavirus in Georgia. That led Georgia health officials to notify North Carolina health officials.  Chatham County officials visited his home and collected specimens, which they sent to the state lab. Last night, the Department of Health and Human Services says, the results came back “presumptively positive and will be confirmed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention lab.”
Not heated, I’m actually rather civil, and I do see where you are coming from, but I disagree that my comment doesn’t provide “anything to the discussion”.   Rather than responding to a specific persons comment (one that wasn’t even yours) I probably could have started my own comment thread. But for you to say it doesn’t provide value, then I would like to ask you to take a step back and reevaluate what reddit truly is, this is a forum, a thread and a place where people can have discussions and post what’s on their mind.   Getting back on topic, you realize this thread is a general forum for the Coronavirus right? And you do realize that people have opinions right? Now if I had said that there is “definitely more cases” and “this is the reason the CDC is doing this or that”, then please put me in my place for spreading fear. But I threw out an opinion, one that I specifically labeled as “I personally (to signify an opinion) think”.    This is reddit, Karen, lighten up and wash your hands. Xoxo
I'm just saying TSA/Customs obviously needs to be asking those questions.
You need to google 'Empreirical' because you just said it wasn't empirical data before you state why it is empirical.  All this panic over a 2-4% fatality rate (4% is a gross end of the spectrum) to a minority group is pretty amusing to watch.  Especially when we have actual real diseases with a much higher rate today here already that people just shrug at.  If anything it just proves all you need to do is educate people a little and let the Dunning-kruger effect happen, wish i was smart enough to position myself to profit off of your panic ahead of time.
I'll take death for 600 Alex
I know it won't, I'm not trying to provide excuses for it but it's the truth. It's happening already in Italy and it's terrible. Hospitals are at capacity and they are already making difficult decisions.  The US has less than 100k ICU beds and Charlotte likely has less than 1k itself. Any significant spreading of Coronavirus is going to completely collapse our medical system beyond it's capacity.
I am putting my affairs in order because I have a suppressed immune system.  We're not prepared for the scale of the impact.
*Socialism* is when the government siezes control of the means of production.  *Soviet National Anthem intensifies*.  *Democratic Socialism* is when the people vote to have the government provide social services and has typically very little to do with siezing control of the means of production.
I don't need to re-evaluate what Reddit is. It's a place where literally anyone *can* talk about anything if they find the right space for it. This thread is a good space for providing information. If you clutter it up with "well I think the facts are wrong and that everything is worse", and then don't provide any additional *factual* information, then you're adding noise.  Feel free to disagree, you're welcome to post whatever you want and I'm sure I'll get downvoted, but a "Corona virus conjecture* thread would be a better space to throw baselss conjecture *in my opinion*.
Cool, have fun sticking your head into the sand and acting all surprised when the healthcare system starts collapsing in April/May.  Maybe you could use Google and see what's currently happening in Italy.  [https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2020/03/italy-coronavirus-covid19-west-europe-future/607660/](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2020/03/italy-coronavirus-covid19-west-europe-future/607660/)   [https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/coronavirus-italy-doctors-intensive-care-deaths-a9384356.html](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/coronavirus-italy-doctors-intensive-care-deaths-a9384356.html)   [https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/mar/09/italian-hospitals-short-beds-coronavirus-death-toll-jumps](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/mar/09/italian-hospitals-short-beds-coronavirus-death-toll-jumps)
You are right, no need for me to spread non factual stuff, apologies if I offended you. Have a good day
I'm a crisis manager in the City, im pretty confident as are my clients, even if you do post another news article that shows why it's being blown out of proportion and proves the point.  As i said, Dunning-Kruger mixed with a touch of the American pizzazz for melodrama.
I guess I have to do your job for you, Mr. "Crisis Manager"  Charlotte has a total of 2325 inpatient beds[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List\_of\_hospitals\_in\_North\_Carolina](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_hospitals_in_North_Carolina)  The US as a whole has 94,837 ICU beds (14.3% **ICU beds**/total **beds)**[https://www.east.org/career-management/fellowship-details/99/carolinas-medical-center](https://www.east.org/career-management/fellowship-details/99/carolinas-medical-center)  If Charlotte follows the national trend then Charlotte has around 332 ICU beds  Carolinas Medical Center in Midtown has 141 ICU beds. It is the second-largest hospital in Charlotte so it's fair to say that Novant Health Presbyterian Medical Center probably has another 191 ICU beds?   [https://www.east.org/career-management/fellowship-details/99/carolinas-medical-center](https://www.east.org/career-management/fellowship-details/99/carolinas-medical-center)  Charlotte has a population of 859,035. Let's say that 1% of the population of Charlotte gets the Coronavirus. So 8590 people. Around 10-15% of those who are infected require critical care in an ICU. So 10% of 1% is 859.  859 - 332 = a deficit of 527 ICU beds...if just 1% of the population of Charlotte gets infected and 10% of them need serious care. And that's assuming that every ICU bed is open and not currently being used by seasonal flu victims and other medical needs. And those patients won't be rotating out very fast, in many cases a person needs a breathing machine for a week or two weeks  So...how do you feel about that crisis, Mr. "Crisis Manager"? Is that all overblown, you all prepared to deal with that?  If you're seriously a Crisis Manager for Charlotte, we're FUCKED.
Please do your job effectively and help put out effective messaging.
So you deleted your original comment.  > Okay, how many ICU beds are in Charlotte then?  But your comment above highlights my response even better.  Why would it matter the number is so low as to be irrelevant, In the event of an actual pandemic event, the plans are not 'Use current ICU capacity', this isn't 28 days later.  And I think this is part of the issue, most peoples education on these fields are derived from popular media, I actually sat here looking at your question non plused for a moment before I understood that you really do think that a Pandemic response plan would feature public hospitals as the primary treatment/response venues.  Hospital facilities are not designed or even scoped for pandemic events (and for example this virus needs to become far more fatal for us to get to that level).  In the event of a Pandemic expect field facilities co-ordinated by a military response, not being sat in the ER room at your local atrium.  edit: although i do like your use of numbers, you reached the right outcome, just the one that the industry reached in the 1930's when the first national crisis plan was deployed, we've moved on quite a bit from then.
So you have no fucking idea what you're going to do when it starts spreading here. That's what your comment confirms to me.  Your solution is that the military and other people will figure it out, you're saying that it's not your job. Guess what, it'll take weeks, if not months, for the national guard and any other government or NGO  to set up that kind of response to a pandemic, especially when the same thing is happening all over the country.  Mr. "Crisis Manager" has no answer. I hope that you proudly talk about how well you prepared the city when dealing with the thousands of residents who are going to lose love ones over the next few months.
No, my response is that we've had a coordinated plan for major casualty events for decades and they don't include the hospital system which is a fact you seem to be uniquely unable to grasp.  Feel free to continue to mindlessly panic, it is your right to do so.  But can you do it indoors away from others, perhaps send your loved ones off to somewhere safe and far away from you?   Your panic is likely to cause far more damage.  Have a great rest of the day, maybe take a hot bath to calm down a little?
I'm not worried about myself. I'm pretty young and healthy. I'm worried about my elderly mother with breathing issues, my pregnant wife and my sister who has immunocompromised lungs from not being able to receive healthcare because the system is flooded.  How fast can your coordinated plan for a major casualty event be initiated? Who are the primary stakeholders? Does it include contingencies for resources across the federal and state level already being swamped by their own major casualty events?   You can ignore the data coming out of Italy all you want, but it's not going to change reality.
As you got polite again ill answer you and I get it 'im a dude on the internet'.  I can't give you any proof of who I am as I'm not about to dox myself, suffice to say I am responsible for the critical incident response process for a multibillion-dollar company based in charlotte.  So what I'll do is I will link you to the documentation where I can so you can read it for yourself.   I won't speak to the efficacy of this particular outbreak past telling you that on a risk level it has risk score of 4 (Medium impact, low risk) whereas the avian flu outbreak had a Score of 6 (High impact, medium risk).  Let me know if you need an explanation of the [risk matrix.](https://cdn.business2community.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Risk-Matrix.jpg)  > How fast can your coordinated plan for a major casualty event be initiated?    Hours at most.  You may not realize it but your local Armed forces installation has likely been placed where it is for this event it's a FEMA requirement.  > Who are the primary stakeholders?     NGB MCI Command, normally consisting of predefined persons both military and civilian, in NC it is based out of Ft Braggs Casualty assistance center. So I believe it would roll up to Bg. Hunt.  > Does it include contingencies for resources across the federal and state level already being swamped by their own major casualty events?    Its designed entirely for that, the idea is that hospitals continue as normal as possible treating regular conditions, people wont stop having heart attacks or falling off ladders.   Major casualty event deployment - [here is the document]  (https://www.cs.amedd.army.mil/borden/FileDownloadpublic.aspx?docid=cbd58a8d-0685-4846-9081-58c8dafc29a5) This is the public document and is fine for public release and should answer the majority of your questions.  For a non US based example (although designed with the US) you can look at Israeals [current plan] (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10362427) that sadly has seen use.   Like i said, we have been working on this 'worst case scenario' for a long time now. It opens with this;   > When a catastrophic event results in patient volume, injury severity, or both greater than a medical system is designed to manage at any given time, it is identified as a mass casualty situation, or MASCAL in military terminology. The only generally accepted commonality among these incidents is that they generate more patients and care requirements within a span of time than a response system can manage with available resources at the normally accepted standard of care.  edit: markup sucks
Thank you for additional details and sources I really appreciate it.  Best of luck to you. I really do hope that things go well and that I'm being overly cautious.
This is great info! Something I was not aware of at all.

[Observer] SC man flew into CLT from Italy. He had coronavirus symptoms the next day, officials say

We should build a wall and make SC pay for it.
Here we go!
I get that it's easy to roll our eyes and crap on this dude, but what would people expect him to do? Stay in Italy while he wasn't showing any symptoms?
Classic. Someone from SC.
What a piece of cake That guy is.
Some people r just ughh
You sound like Governor material. Got my vote.
Extra 14 days in Italy vs South Carolina, the horror.  Flippant I know :p
Hurr durr South Carolina dumbbbb  Comedy genius.

NC officials: 5 more coronavirus cases in Wake county (community spread)

According to TFA:  >All five new patients are from Wake County and **all of them traveled to Boston to attend a BioGen conference**, the N.C. Department of Health and Human Services said in a news release. **Several cases of COVID-19 across the country have been linked to the conference**, according to the news release.  Adding "community spread" to your title, when it was imported from an out-of-state conference, and was not part of the article, seems unjustifiably panic-mongering OP
Run for the hills!  /S
Boo
nice
They were at work all week. I know they probably didn’t get it from here if they were at the conference. But they definitely spread it while they were here
Keep your plague outta these hills!  Sincerely,   All of Western NC.
There is certainly a good chance of that. But the article did not state anything on that. Facts not in evidence.  Considering the potential danger for panic, refraining from this kind of exaggeration is important IMO.

They went to Italy for Valentine’s Day. Then she got sick. But was it coronavirus?

Comforting that people are coming back from Italy with symptoms and can't get tested. A few weeks from now, we will all be in lock down. So, be prepared!

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
UNC Charlotte officials are meeting today to discuss their steps moving forward (the talk is whether or not they should move to all online classes like some big universities have already started to do)   The big issue is that students have already returned from their study abroad, their cruises, and their big vacations out of state and country. This could negatively impact the campus for sure if precautions aren’t taken soon.  Edit: To those of you curious UNC Charlotte has followed suit and starting Monday all classes will move to online (some exceptions do apply like labs, on campus work, and off campus internships were not discussed but I would say that’s to the students own discretion) until at least end of month. Updates will be sent periodically and they are monitoring the situation.   Other UNC schools are also moving to online schooling but with varying start dates and end dates for this.
Thanks Mr. Jackson, I am fo real
Hi Senator Jackson, question: is anything other than CDC protocol preventing NC (or any other state) from simply...buying tests in bulk from China, S. Korea, or another country that has developed an effective test, and using them here?
if there is any kind of lockdown (similar to china or italy) will I still be able to get fresh produce? Limes are required for a good gin and tonic.  edit: Also for Mexican and Asian cuisine, which I frequently eat while drinking gin.
For those who don't know, Jeff is an awesome state senator from Mecklenburg County.  He's somebody you can trust to shoot you straight.  edit:  He's also funny as hell.  See his below reference to Outkast.
 [https://www.flattenthecurve.com/](https://www.flattenthecurve.com/)
Thanks for the update!  I’m immunocompromised, so I’m avoiding the public as much as possible. I’ve made vats of hand sanitizer for work since none seems to be available. If anyone else chooses to make their own, the secret to blending it well is using a whisk. Otherwise the aloe vera gel clumps. This, plus constant hand washing will hopefully keep me well.
if the focus is to slow it down why is the Furniture Market still happening?   https://hpenews.com/news/14614/despite-nc-state-of-emergency-furniture-market-to-go-as-planned/  where minimum 50K people around the world will show up and be placed in a single building & city?
Once upon a time there were only 7 cases in China too. Then it turned into 30 thousand.
Im currently on spring break in Miami, its bad.  A lot people from the southeast and northeast are here and could care less about the virus. All crammed into hotels, houses and clubs swapping drinks and alot more. The coronavirus is just another excuse to drink Coronas. Combine that with the people who are coming back to NC from Florida, Myrtle and other destinations….      This is pure speculation but I wouldn’t be surprised if I saw a few cases pop up in the next week or two at my college as well as online classes.
Thanks for the update! I do have a question tho.   So I work at the airport do you think there will be a shutdown if it gets worse? I know as long as we stay clean and wash our hands thoroughly and avoid touching our face we'll be fine. But are the higher ups at the airport preparing themselves in case it does get worse?
finally, someone who i feel is being reasonable about the COVID-19 pandemic, and actually not afraid to call it out. i'm following you on twitter, fine sir!      thank you for reaching out, and even considering non-conventional ways to raise awareness. i think we can all thank you, regardless of party affiliation. please keep us informed...we'll be keeping up with your updates and trying to keep ourselves/community safe.
I'm wonder if they will cancel the St. Patrick's day bar crawl this weekend
I started to read this and thought "this sounds exactly like an email I just read."  Then I realized it's the Senator again, only on reddit! Nice work running a multi-channel digital campaign.
Great commentary. I wish test kits were rolled out more quickly. But yes, confirmed cases  can be drastically different than actual cases. Once testing ramps up, expect US numbers to rise.
Hi Senator Jackson!   Just curious why the St. Patty’s day bar crawl is still being given the green light? Is it something that might change on a moments notice?   (FYI this is coming from an avid crawler)   Thanks for all of your work!
Thanks Senator Jackson - you are the man!
As always - thank you Jeff. NC is lucky to have you.
Thanks for the update. What plans, if any, are in the pipeline for workers without sick leave, in the case they need to quarantine? A lot of us can't work remotely and get zero for benefits.
Do I have to go to Atlanta to get tested? I came back from the beach a few days ago and I have a fever and feel like I have bad bronchitis. I haven't had any contact with foreigners or been overseas. Im going to see my doctor Friday afternoon but fuck Im scared.
I'm in California, about to move to NC in 1 month, and we went from 7ish cases to now we'll over 100 very quickly.  Keep in mind these are confirmed cases through testing.    The amount of people who don't get tested are a fraction of people who report symptoms to doctors.    The amount of people who report symptoms to doctors are a fraction of people who have symptoms.  This has a very high potential to get very, very widespread.  Germany's PM just said today they're expecting 2/3 of their population to get infected.  If we say the same for the USA, 1/3 to 2/3 of 327 million, a country with 16% of it's population 65+, and we assume a conservative death rate within the 65+ group of 10%, that's over 1.7 to 3.5 million people at a very serious risk of actually dying from this in that age group alone.  What's more dangerous is how fast it spreads.  It needs to slow down as hospital resources are finite especially when you have numerous other 'normal' hospital visits to consider like heart attacks, stab wounds, car accidents etc.  Wash hands often, don't touch your face/ears/mouth/eyes prior to disinfecting them.  This virus can live up to 9 days on a surface and apparently we can get infected again even after recovering as our antibodies are either too short lasting or not strong enough to be 'immune' from it a second time.
Sorry, can’t talk about it. The NSC has classified the topic.   https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-secrecy-exclusive/exclusive-white-house-told-federal-health-agency-to-classify-coronavirus-deliberations-sources-idUSKBN20Y2LM
We are way past containment. Amazing to see how delusional our government is first hand.
> We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained.  There is no way this will be contained.... how do people not realize that at this point? There is way too much misinformation out there. There are going to be a hundred thousand cases in the US in a month or so. Especially considering the leadership of this country, the lackadaisical efforts of stopping big group events because people dont want to lose money, lack of proper testing throughout the entire country, and the mainstream media literally acting like it's no big deal at all.
You are one of the few government officials I trust to tell us what's going on. I live just over the state line but if I could vote for you, I would!
Jeff, can we put some pressure on federal government for more open testing. I'm hearing some pretty crazy requirements have to be met prior to tests being offered. The narrative should not be low cases. The narrative should be CDC is failing to test.
Thank you Mr Jackson... please keep up the good fight in making others aware of this national crisis.
Thank you for your input, Senator. I am in the early childhood field and wondered if you think the DCDEE will force licensed daycares and schools to close. Have you heard any rumblings?
Thank you, Senator Jackson! We appreciate your transparency and social media updates.
Thanks for caring, Jeff. Sincerely. You are perhaps one of the most genuine representatives out there.
While I'm taking this situation seriously, my customers are very much not. I manage a quick serve restaurant, and our sales have increased since the outbreak, not decreased.  I'm proactively trying to protect my staff; double the amount of already mandated handwashing, cashiers using gloves at the register, sanitized wipes used on all public surfaces, but it doesn't matter when we're inundated with people flooding in constantly.  At what point is the local, state or federal government going to advise people to stop going out? Now that the WHO has declared a pandemic, is there a hard number of confirmed cases (say 20+) we have to hit before we start closing things down?
U/JeffJacksonNC I know I know but Joe Rogan just had Michael Osterholm on his show who works for the CDC and he gave some really good information about Covid-19. I think it is a good thing to watch/listen to for anyone concerned about this pandemic.   https://youtu.be/E3URhJx0NSw. The YouTube video if the podcast.
New cases in China, South Korea, and Singapore are on the decline, after less than 4 months of active infections there.  Historically speaking, that's a pretty short burn out period (Spanish flu took 2+ years, swine flu - which killed far more that covid-19 and infected far more as well - lasted 10 months).
While I do agree with pretty much everything you said here I do want to note that the cases, to my knowledge, are not “confirmed” but rather “presumptive positive” - which is different and not, at the same time. This is because, while Governor Cooper has set up a lab to test for COVID-19, the only agency that can actually confirm the case is the CDC. So while we are almost certainly at 7 cases, the CDC is so backed up we aren’t likely to have “confirmed” cases for a while. So, theoretically we could have less, but I believe you are right in that there are probably more out there - I just can’t point to evidence of that.   https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-response-north-carolina  Right now my general impression is that the public sector doesn’t know what to do. For many large public organizations they can’t simply make a mandate that sends everyone home for weeks without likely causing a panic of sorts. Whether it would actually cause a panic I can’t say, but that’s my impression so far.
If I went to NYC for spring break and came back a little bit sick should I get tested for it? I'm pretty much over it now and it wasn't too bad, but NYC is now up from 12 cases when I left to 46 confirmed as of today. I also went to a hockey game over in Nassau county which had 6 cases while I was there, but they're now up to 25.
It's ridiculous that CPCC and UNCC are having students go to class still this week. The vast majority of their classes can be handled online through Blackboard or Moodle.
Where's the best place to stock up on champagne for mimosas?
Can someone elaborate on the shortage of TP?
I believe they announced yesterday we have tested 44 people total in our state of 10+ million. [NC is now only reporting positive results, not number tested.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18oVRrHj3c183mHmq3m89_163yuYltLNlOmPerQ18E8w/edit#gid=1189059067) We are only a few weeks behind what is happening in Italy, where they are having to deny life-saving care to people who would normally survive due to a lack of resources. Some very hard decisions will be made in our hospitals later this month even if we dramatically change our behavior today.  For those of you who would like to write to your elected officials who are not taking this as seriously as Sen. Jackson:  [find your congressional representative](https://www.house.gov/representatives/find-your-representative)  [find your Senators](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?State=NC)  [Governor Cooper](https://governor.nc.gov/contact/contact-governor-cooper)  [Mayor Lyles](https://charlottenc.gov/mayor/Pages/default.aspx)
The reason why Italy is having so many problems is because they have the second largest aging population in the world after Japan.  They also messed up in other ways, but this is one main reason why Italy is so bad. Everyone that has compromised health or elderly should be very serious about this. I’m not worried about me or my family though.
Queens university is online only starting Monday.
Thanks Senator!
From Texas, came upon this well written post and was fascinated for more than the content. It's the coincidence. I had plans to visit a friend in about 10 weeks in NC. Now I don't know if that's going to happen. I doubt it, but if things improve nationwide, I'd still like to. But I don't think they will that soon, no matter what precautions we take. I'm very sad about this since I wanted very much to meet up with this friend, as we've planned this since maybe last September. But it'd feel unnecessarily irresponsible, even if my state had less cases than yours at the time.
Get that reasonable thought process outta here-this is Reddit!   But seriously, thanks for the level headed explanation that everyone should understand.
USC just cancelled classes next week. Then, we'll have online classes until April 3rd.
Thank You Mr. Jackson.   Anyone can answer, I'm not judging or questionion anyone. I just wanted to share what I read.  Thanks  https://nypost.com/2020/03/10/coronavirus-vaccine-could-be-ready-by-april-chinese-officials-say/amp/
Hi Senator Jackson,  What is the official stance on domestic trips?  Is it somewhat safe to embark on a domestic trip if we ensure hygiene and staying away from crowded places as much as possible?  Thanks in advance for your time!
I’m also immuno compromised and trying hard not to worry. My white counts never fully rebounded post chemo & I’ve also got asthma & allergies. If I get sick, it could be very bad 😔.
I’m taking COVID-19 very seriously.  Air travel is exceedingly cheap so I’m taking an early vacation.
I posted this 4 days ago and was not taken seriously  [https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fevc80/coronavirus\_stay\_home\_this\_weekend\_charlotte/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fevc80/coronavirus_stay_home_this_weekend_charlotte/)
I graduated from clover high school and they still haven’t been taken out even though they aren’t even that far from gaston county and shelby like 40 ish minutes away
The only reason it’s a big deal is because all new viruses are a big deal. One day we may have corona virus season and if you get another virus during coronavirus season and you catch corona then the combo becomes life threatening
It's been good for my portfolio on the other hand
People are very quickly recovering from this. Usually it’s no worse than a cold.   So everyone’s going to get a cold. If you’re under 65 and have no underlying medical condition, it’s not a big deal.
In my opinion we should be more worried about the government response to this rather than the virus itself. In a state of mass fear people are a lot more willing to forgo personal freedoms in the spirit of “safety and security”. In time of crisis we should be doing everything we can to look out for one another and allow  empathy and compassion to rule our lives rather than fear. I implore all of us to find faith in God and seek Christ in times of need and uncertainty.   “Therefore do not be anxious, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’  For the Gentiles seek after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them all.  But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you.” (Matthew 6:31-33)  Love to all, God bless and please be safe 🙏🏽
#3 is wrong we constantly are exposed to the coronavirus it’s the leading cause of most colds and sickness. The strain of the virus Covoid 19 we have not been exposed to before as least as far as we are aware.   That being said this isn’t a death sentence if you get infected. Why were we not taking similar precautions with the flu which has been at pandemic levels this season clogging up hospitals?  All of this puts a strain on the system unfortunately.
Wake Forest has gone fully online as of < 30 minutes ago in both Charlotte and Winston
"meeting today to discuss".   In person and coughing on each other?
Ay bro you said UNC Charlotte twice. Is UNCC moving online starting Monday?
I appreciate that but you shouldn't have made my daughter cry.
You stole my line
Laughed out loud in the kiddie id class because of this lol thanks!
The iron fist of the FDA. Labs that run unapproved tests could lose accreditation and be shut down permanently. The real question is WHY the FDA is refusing to approve those tests, or if they were even submitted for approval at all.
Just FYI to anyone who wants to hear it.  I work at an urgent care in Cabarrus County (we also have locations in Mecklenburg and most of NC).  We received a fax today from Cabarrus Health Alliance (aka the health department) about Coronavirus.  As of 3/10, commercial lab testing is available.  This means places like LabCorp are able to test for the disease.  Not all facilities will do the swab and send it out, or even have the supplies, but the testing is available.  There are NO confirmed cases in Cabarrus County.  I haven't seen an affirmative statement like that from Mecklenburg County, but to my knowledge, there aren't any in Meck, either.  Any info I can provide beyond this is inferior to what the CDC has available, but I wanted to let people know that testing has become available, even if it's limited.  Edit: Please note that LabCorp is not collecting any specimens (doing the swab).  The specimen must be collected by a healthcare provider and sent to them.
They’re not testing because they don’t want Americans to freak out about the reality of how bad this has gotten and how bad it’ll continue to get.  Ignorance is bliss.
It’s my understanding the reason the state of emergency was declared was to aid in the access of testing, to freeze prices to prevent gouging etc [link](https://governor.nc.gov/news/governor-cooper-declares-state-emergency-respond-coronavirus-covid-19)
Thank you for asking the important questions, I also need a few limes for my gin. 😁
The important questions...
Probably but every time you go out in public, you risk getting infected. Probably smart to make food now and freeze it if you want ‘fresh’ home-made stuff.
I don't want him to shoot me though
🤣🤣🤣  No.
Happy Cake Day, fellow S CLT person!
Gloves.
Actually, experts now say corona can be transmitted by air. It can live on plastic and other surfaces for 2-3 days.  This would explain why it is so contagious
It’s was cancelled today
I don’t think wasted people at the bar crawl will be using hand sanitizer. I think the event(s) should be cancelled all together
Honestly I would this is still being allowed due to no reported cases in Charlotte
[it’s cancelled ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wbtv.com/2020/03/12/charlottes-st-patricks-day-pub-crawl-rescheduled-following-positive-conavirus-cases-meck-county/%3foutputType=amp) now :(  E: should have said rescheduled. For June 27th.
They've been keeping their website updated on the situation
I know this isn't the point of the thread, but, c'mon, it's Patrick, Pat, or Paddy. Patty is a woman's name--Saint Patrick is male.   That said, I hope we can celebrate the crawl.
>and we assume a conservative death rate within the 65+ group of 10%,  This is not even a remotely "conservative" death rate.
This is basically he plot of the stand. Don't spread captain trips, bro.
What’s your source for living 9 days on a surface? I have heard a few hours max.
Maybe a hundred thousand confirmed cases...but far more actual cases.   It's estimated based on genetic data of the virus that it has been spreading across the US since mid January. There wass an estimated 9k infections as of March 1st so if rates are doubling every 6 days (rate per the WHO) then on March 30 we will have 288000 cases nationwide. By April 5th we will have 1.15 million and by April 28th we will have 18.4 million cases.
South Korea and Singapore are testing everyone, even those with mild symptoms or no symptoms at all. They are being strictly quarantined and then retested before being allowed to return to work. Most people in Wuhan still have not left their homes in over 6 weeks. Absolutely no comparison to what we can expect here.
One could question a few things.   * Are those countries still adequately testing people? * Where is testing done, when being admitted? * If hospitals fill up and the healthcare system becomes overburdened, are tests still conducted at the same rate? * Is testing done uniformly throughout the entire country and not just in select regions?  So while we are witnessing a decline, it’s important to consider *why* and not assume is simply the virus being contained.
Agreed.. we need to stop the fear mongering, but absolutely take precautions. This is not Ebola.. it’s a flu that seriously affects the elderly. How many people die every year of the normal flu? This is going to be over sooner than most people think. Be smart, wash your hands, etc, etc..  and don’t hoard topper paper! Sheesh.
Costco. The Kirkland brands are good.
Or Trader Joes!
Lots of people are full of shit, apparently, or they haven't figured out [the Three Seashells](https://youtu.be/gdnuOa7tDco).
The modern just in time supply system doesn’t handle spikes in demand well, should even out pretty soon.
Amazon has plenty. I don’t understand the issue
What do you realistically want them to do?
You should be worried as us 'healthy' people are who are spreading it.
Also one of the highest populations of smokers too, its like it was tailor made to wreck them.
With the US gov not allowing imported tests, I doubt they'll move very quickly on the vaccine, unfortunately.
Im getting that itch too. I checked out of and I can fly from Charlotte to Denver for less than 100 right now
You caught shit for that post because it comes off as much more fear-mongering and less level headed than this one. Your ideas and intentions might have been good, but your presentation of them was not
Normalcy bias. People don't like change. They'll change their tune in about a week or so.
That is not the only reason at all,   do we shut down countries and decide to take a global economic hit for every new virus ?  Let’s be real.
SPY puts ftw!
Do you have a source for this information or is this just hearsay?
Source for "isn't as impactful as the flu"? I mean Italy doesn't put itself on lockdown during flu season...
There's an interim president that made a committee. Yesterday they said they were meeting late this morning. Here's here's screenshot of the email.    https://imgur.com/AordEYQ.jpg  I've already had one professor that cancelled class for a week, which doesn't do much good if I still have to go for all my other ones but it is what it is. We'll see what they decide.
yes.
Is... is Sen. Jackson actually several fish and not a guy??
You sir...I like you.   Thanks for the info and the laugh!
I just laughed way too hard at this! LOL
can u tell my work that i need to work from home tho
He apologized a trillion times, man.
a+
User name checks out.
You're taking a class to ID kids?
This country is a bureaucratic nightmare. I wish we could tear it all down and start fresh.
F u FDA
The FDA has miles of paperwork that must be completed before anything can happen.  The FDA makes companies come to them and do all the work, the FDA does not do work themselves, other than putting their stamp of approval on something.  Source: worked for an FDA-approved manufacturer.
"We received a fax today"        Welp
Pure conjecture.
If you don’t break your quarantine then you won’t be shot.
You're thinking of Republicans.
Murica
Thank you. 6 years of lessened productivity. 😃
I’ve been wondering this; if masks aren’t helpful, but washing our hands frequently is supposed to help, then why aren’t people wearing gloves when out in public? I haven’t heard this being discussed. I’ll stop wondering and start Googling...
Thanks for the info!
Make sense. Just got the email from my job calling for a self-quanatine if attending events over 1000 people.
If Dublin canceled, I don't see why Charlotte shouldn't take precautions too.
Part of me is happy about that. But then I think about all of the people that will be coming from out of town to celebrate. I mean.. Raleigh is only 3.5 hours away
Considering some of the numbers random people are throwing out it is. Some halfwit on /r/coronavirus was throwing out a 77% mortality rate for the US (and .17% for south korea)
If there aren’t enough tests to diagnose all cases, and people with mild symptoms are staying home/not getting tested then it might not be that far off. It’s a data quality problem.
But this is America.  > Coronavirus patients with heart disease, for instance, had an about 10% death rate, according to the study, while those with diabetes had around a 7% death rate.  America is doomed.  Based on the above 10% might be about right.  https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-death-age-older-people-higher-risk-2020-2
There is multiple ranges from the China demographics: 3.6% for 60-69, 8% for 70-79 and 15% for 80-89.  Maybe not that conservative but it's ball park 10% average I'd think.
Pretty sure the death rate for the disease in *The Stand* was a **bit** higher
Sure thing, it was from here : https://www.clickorlando.com/news/local/2020/03/04/heres-how-long-coronavirus-can-live-on-surfaces/  But many articles have varying ranges, between hours to days depending on the material.  I'm guessing metal surfaces don't hold it as long as for example cloth.
> Most people in Wuhan  To be clear, 11 million people (more than the population of NC) are under forced house arrest in Wuhan.  I guess that's one way to keep new cases from appearing.
It's hard to really trust any numbers coming out of China, but South Korea has been pretty aggressive in testing people and, not coincidentally, has a death rate under 1% since they are likely picking up many more minor cases than in other areas.   Obviously, you have seen major changes in people behavior in response to the virus (either by choice or by decree) which have likely contributed strongly to the slowdown in cases.
Bingo.  Up to 1.4 billion people worldwide were infected with H1N1 in 2009, and up to 575k died from it. Swine flu did all that in 10 months.   Meanwhile, 650k a year die from the normal yearly flu worldwide.   We're 4 months into Covid-19. It's difficult to know for sure the true number of infected or dead, but even the high estimates of the *infected* remain less than the total dead from H1N1 or yearly flu. The total dead is an incredibly small fraction in comparison.  And we're 4 months into it.  If, in fact, the data from China, S Korea, and Singapore is correct, then this is a hugely overblown mess. I think it's good the world is trying to avoid a repeat of the clearly poorly handled responses to SARS and the swine flu, but Covid-19 is not the Spanish flu variant of H1N1. The immune response to the Spanish Flu absolutely destroyed people's lungs, making it deadly for the young and healthy just as much as the old and frail.  It's terrible to see anyone die from any illness, but none of us are getting out of here alive anyway. Any sane look at the statistics, as of right now, and the trends so far, indicates that is clearly not a world ending pandemic.
Never thought of there and I got a card, thanks.
Is there one around Matthews that doesn't have a postage stamp sized parking lot?
Lol my god. Just get a towel, tissues or a bidet
True, but could no on deliver it?
Why should I be worried because healthy people are spreading it? Nobody in my immediate family isn’t old or compromised immune systems.  I worry for old and sick people, that’s it. It barely even affects healthy people other than respiratory issues.
I’m in Arizona right now.  Flew out with a whole row to myself on the plane.  If I didn’t already have tickets, I could have gotten to San Diego for under $100.
And if you buy your ticket with American or United (and perhaps Delta), you can change it without a change fee for the rest of the year.
Yes, mass casualties is gonna affect the economy. Plus they’re very rare, and usually easily contained
One America News. It’s quickly burning out in China.
"You still have to show up to work, but please don't touch anything or go to other buildings. :)"   \-My company's email addressing covid-19
It’s a song by OutKast.
stop being so likeable you're a politician
Lol I’m just gonna keep it cuz that’s actually funny
Not that I don't believe you but can you provide a source for this story?   I'm searching now but there are an insane amount of results for anything containing "flu" and "COVID-19"  edit with links:   * [Snohomish County Health Dept](http://www.snohd.org/Blog.aspx?IID=13) * [NYT article](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/10/us/coronavirus-testing-delays.html)  excerpt from NYT: > The case was a teenager, in the same county where the first coronavirus case had surfaced, who had a flu swab just a few days before but had no travel history and no link to any known case.  > The state laboratory, finally able to begin testing, confirmed the result the next morning. The teenager, who had recovered from his illness, was located and informed just after he entered his school building. He was sent home and the school was later closed as a precaution.  > Later that day, the investigators and Seattle health officials gathered with representatives of the C.D.C. and the F.D.A. to discuss what happened. The message from the federal government was blunt. **“What they said on that phone call very clearly was cease and desist to Helen Chu,” Dr. Lindquist remembered. “Stop testing.”**  This is insane
So much in the medical world is still done by fax.
Especially considering testing at commercial labs (such as LabCorp) is now available.
This is reddit. Conjecture is the currency here.
Maybe wearing gloves doesn't stop people from touching their face or other clothes where it sticks for days?
I wear latex gloves when I do my cat litter box, changing car oil, etc... And hands start sweating pretty quickly. Now you could try leather gloves or something but that's going to be hard for anything that requires dexterity and I'm guessing you'd just infect yourself taking them on or off
Imagine that your hand is given a relatively blank state every time your wash your hands. If you're doing this with gloves, this can only be replicated if you were to switch out gloves with the same frequency. Your hands aren't absorbing the virus; it's spreading it (glove or not). So nuke it with soap and water frequently throughout the day.
This virus is extremely contagious through the air, and can even be transferred from the air through your eyes. So aside from wearing goggles and a proper respirator, (not just surgical mask) the best way to avoid it is by avoiding large groups of people and those who have had contact with the infected.
Well if you always wear gloves it is no different than not wearing gloves - but perhaps wearing gloves when you are moving out in public and then taking them off(safely) whenever you are done isn't a bad idea, and of course disposing of them and using new gloves the next time you expose yourself to public.
You can only wear a pair of disposable gloves for so long before they start getting micro tears etc, And you would have to change them out really often if you wore them in public.
You dont have to be a genius just to wear gloves.  Apparently everyone is stupid and waiting for someone to tell them something obvious...  Stop googling and just use common sense, wear gloves.
I have tickets to Checkers Saturday. They haven’t cancelled yet but I’m thinking it’s quite likely.
Totally agree. It’s completely irresponsible and greedy oh behalf of the organizers if they don’t cancel. They are putting public heath at risk over a stupid bar crawl.
True. Given that I have bad social anxiety, I feel pretty confident that I'm not going to be getting it from a bar crawl. I will be happily sitting at my house binge watching Netflix.
If you are using 'morans' on reddit as your barometer for whether something is a reasonable estimate, you have problems.
Yes, it is a data quality problem, but your conclusion from that is wrong. If mild cases are unreported (which is almost certainly the case), the true death rate would be lower than the numbers currently tossed around.   S.Korea has been more aggressive in testing and it's not a coincidence that the mortality rate there is significantly lower than elsewhere. It has also dropped dramatically over time in China, likely because the initial reported cases were only the most severe (plus of course, over time they were better prepared for new cases)
80 year olds are a lot different than 60 year olds.   And that's before accounting for what will likely end up being significant underreporting of the number of cases.
The average of those rates (if they hold) is more closer to 4-5% than 10% as there are decreasing numbers of cases in each bucket (# 60s > # 70s > # 80s).
You are right - 2 hours to 9 days is quite the range!
Watch out, it's insane at Costco right now.
Uuuuuuhhh. No.   If all else fails Instacart delivers from Costco and total wine!
Is there one ~~around Matthews~~ *anywhere* that doesn't have a postage stamp sized parking lot?  FTFY. And the answer is no. :)
I plan on using junk mail
I know. I do not understand this freakout at all. Do people not have access to water?
I work there too, but not on the fulfillment side. Good point though. I haven’t seen any delays or issues with my orders yet but you’re right, they will probably be affected sooner than later.
Is this part of the reason why so many food items that used to be sold prime delivery (not fresh or pantry) are now unavailable? Is it because they ARE there, just the labor load is expected to be much lower?
That’s ridiculous
I meant that in a way you still need to be very cautious and treat yourselves like you are sharing a bed with a 85 year old man with heart issues.
Not my problem ≠ Not a problem
Only 80% have light symptoms. You want to take the chance of being in that 20% that ends up in the hospital for serious lung issues?  Don’t be an idiot
Just concerned I would get caught in shit creek and quarantined for some reason at this point. My job cannot be done remotely so that would be a serious hit
Wait, would you have to pay the difference and what the ticket will be? I have literally only flown one time before my entire lives so I am unsure of  How this works
The flu has a .1% fatality rate and Covid-19 has roughly a 2% fatality rate. That's a **huge** difference.
Yes, that article, from a month ago, explains that the flu is bad. It does not explain why a virus that is *more* contagious and *more* deadly than the flu *shouldn't* be cause for panic. I don't think you're making the point you think you are.
"Please refrain from holding meetings and stay more than six feet away from one another."  Lmao, our cubes are basically cuddle distance apart.
No kidding! I was actually saying to myself, I really wanna see this guy on a ballot so I can vote for him!
More of us millennials need to get into politics!
“Uhh...yep! That’s a child, all right!”
"Can I email this consent form over?" "Our fax is 704-000-0000".  All the time lol.
Yes, through the air. This recent Joe Rogan guest is really informative:   [Preventing contracting virus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3URhJx0NSw&t=470s)
Gloves protect your hands, but they don't protect your face.  You could still touch your face with gloves on and transmit the virus to yourself.  They may still help somewhat, because they could act as a reminder not to touch your face.
Googling is just to see if it’s been mentioned, clearly I’ve thought about this, hence my post.
Right. Ireland only had its first death today.
Hopefully Savannah as well.
I’m talking about the reported death rate, not actual. The actual is what it is, but that would be unknown since we’re not testing extensively, thus the reported death rate would be inflated.
Agreed that 10% for 65+ is not accurate based on current stats, but my point was moreso that heart disease and diabetes are standard issue in America (esp. by age 65), which might make the stats worse relative to other countries who have lower rates of heart disease and diabetes.
It's hard to find specific demographic data, so I just took 65+ population, e.g. 16% of USA and then looked at China age distributions for deaths, which are in 10 year buckets from 60-69, etc.
Definitely, probably wouldn't grab a cart to be more nimble.  I can carry a few bottles and a slice of pizza.
Can confirm, was at fairview costco at 2 pm (midday!) and it was already hectic. No paper towels or toilet paper also lol
Make an order from U-line and their catalog they ship you with it will keep you wiping for weeks
Did I say it wasn’t a problem? No.
In other words - 20% are elderly or have health issues. Like I said, none of those apply here.  Maybe you shouldn’t be the fool and do your own research?
You would have to pay the difference in price, just not the $200 or whatever change fee to make a change.
Reddit is a fickle bitch sometimes.   https://youtu.be/MYxAiK6VnXw  Here is the song being referenced.
That episode made me nervous for what is to come! I hope more people give it a listen and take it more seriously.
But early reported death rate, especially over small samples, isn't what we should be worried about especially when you are trying to apply it to 100s of millions of people. I'm not even arguing that you couldn't take the data and get to something in the range of 10% for that group, only that it would not be a "conservative" estimate.
I hear what you are saying, but I am still skeptical that an estimated fatality rate of 2% (the lowest estimate I have seen anywhere) is going to drop down to .1% with further testing. Those numbers are just too far apart.
I know the song, I just didnt get it at first until the person said it was referencing a song. I grew up on outkast it just went over my head because I can be too literal sometimes when not in person. Well and sometimes even then lol.
I mean he is right, saying it’s a 20% chance you experience serious issues isn’t exactly the right way to portray these odds.
Are you the one that’s buying all the toilet paper? Probably.
That is truly good news.

Any additional confirmation on these coronavirus cases in Rockhill?

Mods, can you please start a coronavirus thread?
Probably this:  https://twitter.com/scdhec/status/1237845190854893569
It’s at Piedmont on Herlong. I spoke directly with a nurse at the hospital as well as a worker at an assisted living home nearby. They’ve informed people that need to know, but the CDC and SCDHEC are 2-3 days behind, so they haven’t officially announced it yet
So not the Lancaster case?
Nope. Separate case
not good, especially at Piedmont of all places.

Good Ol' Jim Bakker is at it again! This time, he's selling fake Coronavirus cures.

Reverend Rob of Apple Auto Sales > Jim Baker.
Making Charlotte proud of her former "star"
This is some shit I could see the family in the Righteous Gemstones pulling
Selling Jesus Chow wasn’t enough for him?
What’s fake about colloidal silver ? It doesn’t have any effect on virus? What does the science say
Please tell me those commercials still air down there!
Miss-be-havin’ !
I really don't see how people are still getting scammed by this con-artist.
There is certainly no science to support it doing anything to help against the virus (or for anything else really).

Coronavirus in neighboring Lancaster County

The person has had no recent travel or contact with other so that means it's been spreading amongst the community there
IT'S COMING
It's definitely here. No one is testing for it. It's like they want to keep testing down in order to keep the "numbers" down.
Plot twist, it’s here.
And yet the giant St. Pat's bar crawl, which also brings thousands of people who aren't residents to this city, is still on as scheduled for this weekend. What a joke.
Great I love working in Lancaster County as a food service employee with 90% of my customers being elderly people.
https://twitter.com/JoeBrunoWSOC9/status/1237881309218963456?s=20    &nbsp;    Well glad I don't work there anymore.
Just heard an unconfirmed rumor that a case has been acknowledged in Ballantyne. Get right kids....its happening.
welp, that's my county. see you guys on the other side!
A top post on this sub right now is a Checkers game where supposedly 7,000 people were in attendance. It boggles my mind how people could be so ignorant to the fact that there is a global pandemic and they, and people like them, are the reason it's spreading so rapidly. It is already here, for sure, and idiots are spreading it further every day. Social distancing is the only way to slow this down.
Fuck
Currently at home with a sore throat, fever, and stuffy nose. Have not traveled in months. Have only left my house a few times in the last two weeks.  It's in CLT. No doubt.
I mean, make sure you're healthy, your immune system stays up and you should be fine...
And here probably
I can 100% guarantee that it's already present in Charlotte and spreading amongst the community.  We will likely have a confirmed case sometime next week.
Shivering reminder of how they portrayed the radiation levels at Chernobyl
This.   Hubby also read that it could bring thousands here. I'm surprised they haven't cancelled it.
They decided to postpone to June.
Still second hand, but from a decent source, so take this with a grain of salt, but I have heard this as well.
Your minor league franchises like the Checkers make most of their money from ticket sales. Your major league franchises like the Hornets make most of their money from TV contracts and merchandising. It's sad and ironic that the team that could hold games in an empty arena has a suspended season, and the team that will starve without ticket sales is still playing.
That's me, but I don't have a fever.  I'm staying home today regardless.
Allergens are high today.
Yeah but what about our parents and grandparents? What about our coworkers who are older and those who are immunosuppressed or compromised?
And you, a common idiot
Absolute positively 100%
Using a throwaway because I have so many co-workers on Reddit.  But uh I'm almost 100% certain that the virus is already making the rounds in Charlotte because I just got tested for it today (honestly I'm surprised I was able to get one). Unfortunately, I won't get my results for at least 72 hours.   I was in California about 2ish weeks ago and started getting sick about 5-6 days after I came back with what I thought was a regular cold. That cold turned into full blown sick the other day so I hauled myself into the doctor's office this morning. I tested negative for the flu so my doctor (bless them) went ahead and swabbed me for coronavirus. So needless to say, I'm quarantined at home until I find out for sure. And I should add -- I've been super careful about my hygiene well before I ever went out to California, I was actively trying to avoid catching it.   Low key I'm terrified. Not because of how the virus will affect me personally but of the stigma surrounding it and the possibility that I might have exposed a ton of my colleagues to it without even knowing. I'm mortified at the thought of being patient 0 in my office, not to mention one of the first confirmed in Mecklenburg county.
Better hit up Costco soon before the lines get bad.
According to their website, everything's cool because Gov. Cooper didn't recommend canceling mass gatherings at his presser yesterday and there aren't any confirmed cases in Mecklenburg County yet ("confirmed" and "yet" are doing a lot of work in that sentence). Extremely poor logic given that their event has such a strong regional pull, but hey, can't take a bath in those refunds I guess! Hopefully you're right, and the rapid developments that unfolded last night (NBA, travel ban, etc.) will eventually force their hand.
I'm very hopeful it's just a cold I got due to the weather change and not getting any sleep the last few days, but yeah still staying home regardless.
Toilet paper?
No you see, it's more fun to be snarky about this on the internet.
If you are positive, it's not your fault. just try to get well and give the rest of us tips and support on how to get through it!  I wish you the best!
3 days for results is ridiculous considering how contagious it is. Good for you for getting medical care and a test. I’m pretty sure it was already here, two of the three guys on my team at work and my cousin have all had a bad case of the ‘flu’ (or CV) in the last few weeks.
Fuck I'm sorry. It sounds like you took all the appropriate steps to avoid it and went to a doctor after you showed symptoms. I hope that it's negative, but if it's positive please stay healthy and get plenty of rest and fluids.
It’s possible it’s already here, it’s confidential but an office in uptown actually had a due break quarantine and they were extremen cleaning that office.
I'm curious which doctor you went to that was able to swab you. Atrium/Novant/Tryon?
So with the cases in Charlotte, is it you? If not I guess you don't need to worry about being patient 0 anymore!
Shit, was wondering if we'd hear more. Did it come back positive?
I already bought all of my food, cleaning supplies and hygeine products 2 weeks ago when all of this was obvious. I'm set. Too bad there now is going to be a done of panic and we haven't seen the tip of how bad COVID-19 is going to become
For the love of God, don't forget the milk, eggs & bread!!!
Thank you! Honestly it hasn't been that bad for me (assuming it's coronavirus and not some other viral thing), I had the flu hit me way harder a few years ago. I've been loaded up on cold medicine and gatorade for the last few days and that's helped significantly. I've kept a notebook with my timeline of symptoms so if it turns out I do actually have it, I may share more details on how it progressed for me.
Yeah I agree that 3 days is a long wait. And since the 72 hour window ends on a Saturday, it's possible that I may not even hear back until my doctor's office opens on Monday. But honestly, I'm just happy I was able to get tested at all. If I'd gotten this sick even just a few days ago, there's a very big chance I wouldn't have been able to get tested unless I was like actively dying or something.
Thank you! Besides being sick with what feels like a mild flu, I'm otherwise doing okay. We'll see how it plays out.
As someone who works uptown, this is very disconcerting.  Do you know which office?  This is the last thing that should be confidential.
It was a Novant office.
Amazing how people are acting like this just cropped up...
Thank you!  I just had the flu last week and it was not fun ... a nice reminder to appreciate the small things in a normal day
I'm just getting over mine. Stupid sore throat is the worst of it.

Someone who works in a Ballantyne corporate park has been diagnosed with coronavirus, according to an email I received from my company today.

It’s at Brighthouse Financial and the employee is being tested. At last report (seen last on WSOC twitter https://mobile.twitter.com/JoeBrunoWSOC9/status/1237881309218963456?s=20) they have not been confirmed. Hopefully the person who sent out the email was simply misinformed as opposed to potentially trying to panic people.   I get precaution and take no issue with it. But agree with the other poster about panic. Be aware, but don’t spread rumor. There’s plenty for us to already be concerned and have heightened awareness of.
What company? I work in Ballantyne as well
Mods....need that coronavirus thread
https://twitter.com/JoeBrunoWSOC9/status/1237881309218963456?s=20
proof?
How many confirmed cases are there in NC now?
Whew. We got outta there just in time
Unsubstantiated rumors just spread panic OP.
If that’s true, rip Ballantyne.
Which company or building?
There’s a new case confirmed in Lancaster SC (google it several legit news articles) which is literally the gate way between Fort Mill SC, Columbia, SC & more big cities, Ballantyne, and thus, Charlotte, NC.   Having a hard time finding factual news about new cases in the Carolinas.
I mean, I wouldn't consider a company-wide email rumor.
They should consider moderating unverified stuff like this.
A tweet saying someone is being tested in not the same as "diagnosed with".
The real number is *at least* 10x the confirmed number.  The latency period, plus the difficulty in getting tested...there are certainly many more people living life as usual who have the Coronavirus and don't know it.  This is spreading just like the common cold....except it kills at least 1-out-of-500 people, with estimates as high as 1-out-of-30.
[8 as of the past hour](https://www.wxii12.com/article/north-carolina-health-wake-county-positive-coronavirus-case/31407965).  All in Wake County, none in Charlotte as of now.
I see this a lot but define “panic”? A lot of people seem to conflate panic and precaution.
The *best* thing to do is for businesses, civic leaders, and government to act to avoid a justified panic.  China *completely* shut down a region of 60+ *million* people to slow the spread of the virus likely saving thousands if not millions of lives worldwide.
It's not a rumor.
Without proof, which is the case when you posted it and just claimed it, that is exactly what it was.  And this tweet which is one step above yours, just says being tested. It did not say "has been diagnosed" or anything close to that.  Spreading unsubstantiated rumors is fear mongering. The situation is bad enough with this.
You posted this with an inflammatory title and no information to back it up, while you might not have intended it it is what it is.  An no, a vague email no one else has and isn't from a position of trust isn't a real source.
I hear you, but if it’s not accurate (and at least at the time it was wrong) it’s not fact. It may be someone else’s rumor, but just because it comes from an “official” source doesn’t mean it isn’t rumor.   Two jobs ago they shut down the campus cafeteria (company wide email and texts) because someone passed on something that someone overheard someone else say (rumor that one of the cafeteria workers had Hepatitis).  There was no factual basis for it, the company was fined a ton of money and they traced it back to the person who started it and the person who started it lost big time in civil court.   Company wide email...rumor.
Seriously... it’s getting out of hand. Start a thread and monitor that specific thread. Simple!
[One was in Chatham county](https://www.chathamnc.org/Home/Components/News/News/13627/19) last week
In my experience anyone getting upset at "spreading panic" over the last week is more upset at their investments declining than anyone getting sick or dying.
He claims someone else sent him an email. This is not credible.  Precaution is fine, I have taken a few. But spreading rumors and gossip without any proof is spreading panic.
China did that only after trying to hide it and deny it, CAUSING the spread of the thing.  They were basically shamed into doing it. Too late as it seems.
The tweet says “they’re being tested” I don’t see a confirmed diagnosis.
A text post asserting someone else told you in an email?   Prove it is not a rumor, show us an authoritative source.
Good to know, the article I found seemed to say all were in Wake County.  Which just goes to show how unreliable news sources are. So *do not* believe everything reported at first hearing.
I've been trying to keep tabs on them as they get reported. Some of them I only see as "presumptive positive" and I'm not quite sure what that means. Is it: they have symptoms, but haven't been tested?
It means they have a positive test in North Carolina, but waiting for confirmation from the CDC.
Ah! Thanks.
Not sure that is true. It may just mean they are assuming the worst to start treatment and quarantine until they know for certain.  They could have symptoms, but it could also be something other than Covid
 [https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc)
Thanks javert01, now I know.  They could have named it something less weird, IMO. But it's legitimate.

Coronavirus panic toilet paper hoarding in Charlotte

Has anyone had that Dr Pepper with Cream Soda yet? Sounds kinda good.
There’s still tissues & paper towels... if the world really was ending I’m sure people would settle for wiping their asses with those.
Evidently all this coronavirus stuff is scaring the crap out of people.
If there’s one thing people in Charlotte are good at, it’s hoarding things.
Sedgefield Teeter? Got the last TP in the store earlier this morning, 4pk double roll... AMA
But why? Genuine question, why are people buying so much TP?
Just one more reason why I like living out in the country and visiting Charlotte when I need to. Out here there's no panic and I can find everything I need, all shelves stocked except for hand sanitizer.
Tyme to go very old school....   https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/toilet-tissue-anthropologists-uncover-all-the-ways-weve-wiped/
TP today, cold/flu medicine tomorrow. Get it now while it's still on some shelves!
Oh my
I'll try it out tomorrow and report back
Yea, tasted like a doctor pepper with some cream that has a slight taste of vanilla, but mostly tastes like Dr Pepper and guilt
I've been looking for the diet to try but can't find it anywhere - regular only :(
Tried some the other day. It's alright. I'd rather have a regular Dr. Pepper, but it's worth trying.
I had it...it tastes like cotton candy.
My first buy would have been the wet wipes!
Rocks are cheaper...  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/toilet-tissue-anthropologists-uncover-all-the-ways-weve-wiped/
Wtf lol.
Because the media picked it up early on in other countries, as a point of humor. So, then it becomes a self-fulling prophecy. People read that others are hoarding. So, that forces even a rational consumer into hoarding as well, to beat the other hoarders. I picked up my TP weeks ago when I read it was happening in other countries.  If you want to prepare, just read what is happening in Italy. We are 2-3 weeks behind them.
I don't get it either.  It's TP.  They can make more.
that's pretty much the same as it is in Charlotte, this is one store at one time not all of them
I live near Locust.  I did my weekly shopping today. No TP or sanitizer here, either.
For now.
That's because all those Trump supporters in the country live in a news vacuum.
Godspeed. I'll be in my toilet paper doom bunker.
https://external-preview.redd.it/zwTvSngshZJEGLOZgFKxIS0AoJsUg4jjaOA6ARk7RRc.jpg?auto=webp&s=4c3f2be3fa5fc558a88dc5fd8e7af2fddd8d1679
The thing with Charlotte is hundreds of thousands of people are going to their local stores and not finding cold supplies or TP. Most stores are having this problem.
Even Kleenex is almost gone at our store now too.
When you’ve got friends and family, you’ll never be alone. And when you’ve got guns and ammo you can protect what you’re got and get what you need.  I can’t control anything else and I’m not going to worry about it.   Best to you and yours!
All the pizza is gone at our local store too.  Did people not eat pizza before this week?
When I saw reports of TP and other stuff getting cleaned out, the first thing I thought to get was bleach and enough cold medicine to last my family for a month. I bought that stuff before anyone else was even talking about stocking up on cold medicine. That was the one thing I hadn't thought of in our disaster preparedness planning. (That I know of, LoL)
What do guns and ammo have to do with Coronavirus?
Not Coronavirus, but any pandemic, period of social upheaval/unrest/etc.   When people get scared and desperate we'll do ANYTHING. Although I doubt that Coronavirus will rise to this level, in ANY SHTF situation guns and ammo are the last line of defense for you and your family's survival.  Just like any other disaster preparedness, you don't wait to buy guns when you think you'll need them because it will be too late. I've heard reports from gun store employees saying that people are panic buying guns and ammo right now and cleaning out gun store shelves.   When you have at least enough food and supplies and medicine for a month, a full gas tank, a spare propane tank, water purification, and guns and ammo, you can feel calm in pretty much any situation. Sure, that stuff won't protect us from COVID-19, but if that's going to get us despite social distancing and good hygiene then what can you do. I focus on things under my control and I prepare for at least a month without anything that we depend on to stay alive.  Best of luck and good health to you.

Coronavirus in Mecklenburg County

Hey that’s real cool man CAN I WORK FROM FUCKING HOME?
Pub Crawl is cancelled now.
Lol. I just got an email from work directing us to work from home for 2 weeks.
Aw man. We knew it but didn’t wanna see it.
Probably been here the reported cases are playing catch-up
Well Shit. Here we go.
Can't work from home, but at this rate I won't have a job in two weeks. I work for a small business and all our work has been cancelled and we're running out of money.
Everyone is coughing in the office.....
It was only a matter of time. It’s probably a thousand by this point due to the lack of testing. Not an over exaggeration and not fear mongering
IT'S HAPPENING!! IT'S HAPPENING!!
Beat me to the post by 2 minutes. Batten down the hatches.
Yep, already working from home here when I can. My company provides IT service in the area for small/medium businesses and we're getting inundated with VPN setup/issues coming though.
Anyone out there buying cheap stocks??
we ded
Cancel my Jury Duty, now.
>	These individuals are ill, but they’re isolating at home. They’re not severely ill,” Harris said of the Mecklenburg County cases. **The locations of exactly where the people live will not be disclosed. “We are now in a situation where we could potentially have community spread,”** Harris said.  So we won’t disclose the area where the confirmed cases are, but we absolutely should worry about community spread. But you can’t know which communities are affected!  Fucking priceless.
OT but does anyone work in shipping? Any fears of Corona surviving on packages?
CANCEL THE PARADE?   Wtf are they doing
At the very least, it spells the end of Trump.
I already work from home so.....
This is what I am really concerned about.. I do maintenance work for an apartment complex. Not really an option for me. Plus the company doesnt pay sick time and my PTO is only up to about 6 hrs right now since it accrues through the year.   If they make us stay home (high doubt they will) then I am screwed.
Good. That would have been awful.
The parade is still on far as I have seen.
That blows
What industry?
It’s like your parents having sex.
This is devastating to so many small businesses. I’m sorry for what you’re going through.
It’s likely been there for a bit testing is just a bit more available therefore more positives will for sure be reported. Be smart wash your hands, avoid crowds no need for panic folks!!
Yup, time to start cutting out visits to places that won't pay people to stay home.
I have friends that are. Wouldn’t be surprised if the market goes lower, though.
Honestly isn't a bad idea if you have a little bit of savings to use on it. Could make some money in the next year if it snaps back strong.
Loaded our IRAs last night. Should have waited another day, but I'm not playing the market like that.
Yes, but still chasing the bottom i fear
This is smart bc it reduces panic and discrimination.
Last I saw it's about a day on cardboard and 3 days on plastic, a few hours aerosolized.  Depending on where in the system contamination happens it's possible to pick it up so WASH YOUR HANDS.
Ditto
My PTO is low as well definitely not enough for a 14 day self quanatine.
I feel that. I work food service and it's not quite possible for that to happen.
It’s postponed now.
Ridiculous that it is
Latta Plantation Celtic Festival has been cancelled as well.
I don’t even want to read this.   It forces a visual that I’m just not prepared for.
Damn. Heartbreaking.
But don't wash your hands in Union county lol I feel bad for them
I too have friends who like to try and catch falling knives.
I think a lot this sell-off is staged to mess with upcoming elections. And obviously this whole Corona virus is a over exaggeration.
Solid - I would have dollar cost averaged it either way it should recover if your playing the long game anyway.
Can the virus survive on inanimate objects I don't know what was difficult to understand about that question?
I’ve rolled over 90 hours but I work in healthcare and there’s no way I can be off though.
I get like an hour of PTO for every month I work.
Rosemont is still doing their event. Irresponsible.
How can you even do that from home?
Sure you can once you boil it.
If they don’t need the money for a while they made a very good decision. If they’re hoping to flip the stuff in a few weeks they’re idiots.
> obviously this whole Corona virus is a over exaggeration.  I wouldn't be so sure... /r/supplychain
How does it feel to be a total moron?
Let me guess you are a Trump voter ? People aren’t losing trillions due to elections.
I suspect you will feel like an idiot in 6 months...or I will.  How do we do the RemindMe! Bot?
If that’s the case it’s way too early.  My bets are this will be dying down in 2-3 weeks to a month maximum here, since it just hit.  I hope our region isn’t hit hard.  Heat, humidity, and sunlight are the viruses enemy, and we’ll have all 3 soon enough.
Rosemont are also the same people behind All American so that lines up.
Maybe the TP hoarders are on to something.  I really dread my normal weekly shopping trip on Sunday morning.
These people sometimes lmao.
There is a 23.0 minute delay fetching comments.  **Defaulted to one day.**  I will be messaging you on [**2020-03-13 17:07:11 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-03-13%2017:07:11%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fhhue1/coronavirus_in_mecklenburg_county/fkbh0qd/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FCharlotte%2Fcomments%2Ffhhue1%2Fcoronavirus_in_mecklenburg_county%2Ffkbh0qd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-03-13%2017%3A07%3A11%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20fhhue1)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
Really long ones
Can I use my microwave to save even more time?

2 in Mecklenburg tested positive for coronavirus, officials say

And you thought we had problems getting toilet paper YESTERDAY...
Welp
Let’s shut down CMS pls.
Should have owned a bidet. Push comes to shove you don't even need toilet paper.
🤷‍♂️
Pushing makes sense, but I wouldn't recommend any shoving when it comes to cleaning up down there.  Unless that's your thing. I don't judge.
In before bidets sell out.
Bidets are the best.
Plumbers booked for months out!

QC local govt respond to the 2 positive cases of Coronavirus in Mecklenburg County

Stay safe everyone. Wash your hands, keep distance from others, stay home if sick, cover your mouth when you cough and sneeze
Get ready it's going to be a bumpy ride!
Oh, my God! It's happening!  Everybody stay calm!  Everybody stay calm!
And wash if you do cough/sneeze into your hands, even if it’s into a tissue

Doctors and medical professionals, how are YOU feeling about Charlotte's preparedness for the coming coronavirus clusterfuck?
Title.Do you guys feel like anything significant is being done to prepare for a worst case scenario?Are we ready for even a mild-but-not-terrible scenario?Thanks!Edited to add: what is your professional opinion on UNC Chatlotte's decision to suspend lectures, but allow students to remain in the dormitories?
Wife is a provider. There is a shortage of supplies. A few she has mentioned is certain soaps, lysol, and N95 masks.  Atrium is going around to other offices to collect up N95 masks to stock the ER.
My wife is a nurse in the Charlotte area. Here is what she told me: They don’t have enough test kits   They are only able to test people who had direct contact with infected, have symptoms, and test negative for flu.  They do not have test kits that provide immediate results to determine if someone is infected or not.  48-72 hour turnaround time to get results.  There is already a bed and staff shortage due to people flooding the hospital thinking they are infected. This is tying up resources and creating more exposure to people who may actually be infected.  Doctors and management are receiving very little guidance from state and federal level.  Someone seriously dropped the ball when it came to preparing for the inevitable spread of the virus in the US.
Well professors are just as lost as us. It’s not their fault.
Not a doctor, but I was an EMT and did study some Immunology at VGTI in Port Saint Lucie FL, when they were operational.  From what I know people are taking this way out of proportion in regards to the toilet paper and water.... Coronavirus has nothing to do, with those, so people need to stop "panic buying".  Really the only people that need to worry are people, with weak immune systems, infants, and 50+. Most young adults and healthy individuals don't need to act the way they are. Yes, we can get sick and will pretty much feel like shit for a week, or two, but it will pass, just like any other virus.  The other people however are the ones that it is life threatening to. I do believe that schools, work places, etc. should all be taking precautions and converting to online, until the virus passes though. The more it spreads, the longer it takes to fix it.  Many places are failing to be proactive about the virus. UNCC for example. Thousands of students and staff, yet school is still in session on campus. They need to switch to online immediately and not wait until March 20th. There is a lack of communication and a student and concern for 50+ year old staff Im really disappointed in the leadership at UNCC.  Chancellor sits in his big ass free house, while the virus spreads to all of the students and staff members.
Not the way I would ask. Kinda saying it's messed up before you get an answer. Maybe you should wait on the answer before deciding it's a cluster.
 >The death rate sucks, but the people who live, a decent percentage will need a hospital bed to get well.  That's the biggest factor, people that aren't taking this seriously aren't accounting for the fact when hospitals are full where the hell is everyone going to go.  Cancer/stroke/heart attacks aren't going on vacation.
>> Diabetes = 7.3%  Is that Type 1, Type 2 or both?
Overlay the age breakout and comorbidities of the American population and it gets a little scarier.
My wife has scoliosis and she gets pneumonia once or twice per year. Im worried about her getting it
When was that slide shown, by the way?
Looks like good news data.  Isn’t the fatality rate from China CDC though? That may be a bit old since I saw it a couple weeks ago.
I'm not fully understanding why test kits are so critical to the patient involved... if you have flu-like symptoms from flu, corona or anything else STAY HOME. When you are struggling to breathe, phone for medical help - in either case you DO NOT SHOW UP AT THE ER. It's academic if this is corona or something else.  Yes, maybe we aren't seeing real numbers yet, but for the sick patient, I don't see how that matters.
I dont think the professors are to blame; I agree with you completely. Just seems odd that the administration is overlooking the fact that dorms are perfect places for a virus to spread, especially considering the new rule of thumb is "avoid close quarters/contact".
Student at UNCC here. Half of my professors won’t even respond to you when asked about it or are ignoring the elephant in the room. The response is pathetic to say the least, especially Chancellor DuBois’s half assed email he sent to all the students.
The TP hoarders may be on to something though.  If there's a disruption to the supply chain, even a small one, we're going to be in a world of hurt.
I am so confused by the toilet paper hoarding. Like, okay, yeah, a very small percentage of covid-19 patients have gastrointestinal symptoms but I heard a man in Target explaining his purchase of ten 24-packs of TP by saying, "well, the flu gives you bad diarrhea"......  I get the panic buying, the fear of supply chain disruptions, shortages... but why is toilet paper what people are fixating on??
> Really the only people that need to worry are people, with weak immune systems, infants, and 50+. Most young adults and healthy individuals don't need to act the way they are. Yes, we can get sick and will pretty much feel like shit for a week, or two, but it will pass, just like any other virus.  So I think the problem with this line of reasoning is that those of us in the low risk category often have regular contact with those in the at risk category. Our exposure doesn’t just risk our health, but that of those around us as well. I treat this in the same way I would a vaccine and the anti-vaxx “movement”. If those of us who are at lower risk ignore the precautionary measures, those of us at a higher risk lose the benefit of an added buffer.
 You're funny
Basically you don't want to need a hospital for at least the next 6 weeks in the US.
This is my main concern. Not that the entire NC population is going to get wiped out, but that enough people are going to get sick enough to cause some major issues with non-covid patients getting the care they require.  Like, are we going to be able to continue caring for those patients, and any new ones that get sick with cancer or some other condition, while at the same time providing the level of care and quarantine covid patients will require?
They are overlooking a lot of things. Classes today and tomorrow should have been canceled. I skipped my classes today, because common sense would tell anyone that its already spreading. I have exams next week and thankfully all of my professors said everything will be 100% online.  I heard some people say their professors are still making them go to school
Seems like toilet paper would be pretty resistant to a supply chain burp, Its not something you buy everyday, many people already have enough in their house to last a couple weeks. Most (90% ish) TP is produced in the US so the supply chain is (relatively short) and it's not seasonal so you don't have to wait to start making more of it.  The TP bought by the rushers should last longer than the restock time so its not like the next stock will get bought out by the people that already bought some.
I buy toilet paper/water gallons every week. Literally all I did is just buy an extra 1 weeks worth of those resources, just in case. Im not worried about supply disruptions. I just bought them, because I know people are panic buying.  People are just so uneducated, with how viruses work, especially Coronavirus. Like the whole hand sanitize, tp, and water.... like come on people. Its so simple..just be clean......  It just goes to show that people really arent that clean, if it takes COV-19 to get them to start being clean.
No where did I say in my comment to "ignore". I simply stated a fact.
I'm fair. People don't like fair and rational people anymore. If you are genuinely asking a sincere question to proffessionals, you don't assume an outcome. This question reminds me of how someone on CNN would ask, it's asked but the answer is assumed to be negative.   Let the professionals answer fairly instead of baiting the ones that agree with the poster.  If you want a fair and honest answer, ask the question in a fair and honest way. But like I say, people don't like that. They would rather just hear from people who have the same slant they do to reenforce their own bias and beliefs.
That article is reassuring. Too bad the media doesn’t report on that, looks like new cases in China are dropping quickly too.   https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2020/03/09/coronavirus-international-developments/4998528002/
It's just not possible. America has a culture of not caring and being extremely selfish. It will spread here. Also our size is so much larger compared to EU and people would go nuts if we did what China did.

Uptown Wells Fargo employee had prolonged contact with coronavirus patient

Yet still no announcement that working remotely is an option for those who are able ... cool
Wells Fargo has three buildings in Uptown and employees in at least two other Uptown locations. Anyone know which building it was?
Contrary to popular belief, approximately 90% of WF employees who don't work in branches are able to work from home and about half of those don't even have permanent workstations uptown anymore. Most of the uptown office space has been converted to 50% "flex" space that people have to reserve in advance when they plan to go to the office. Working from home is an option for the majority of Uptown WF workers, so it's up to them if they choose to stay home.
Oh my my 😷
How long can companies survive? profits will fall, jobs will start to go away, the cycle starts. This sucks all around for everyone folks. Need some damn good news to come out like it's starting to subside or we've found a way to treat it, etc. Go go gadget Scientists!
They have already told the people who were in contact with the employee to work from home.
I think they are concerned about capacity of the infra. 200K VPN logins simultaneously may not be in the BCP.
It's just not that simple.  If you feel unsafe, just go home.  It's easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
Businesses would have to buy additional hardware and software licenses. It's not as simple as just flipping a switch. A VPN can handle only so many connected users before it gets too slow and unusable. Also the number of users is limited by licensing. It can take some businesses a lot of time to source, buy, install, and configure more VPN hardware and software to be able to handle this surge in WFH. That's not going to happen soon. Most companies just have enough VPN resources to handle a percentage of their workers.
Profits over people!
Honestly for so many jobs there is no reason they are not already work from home (in some capacity). I think it's just an ego stroke for the higher ups who dont have to go to the office, but then I'm a jaded office monkey
I doubt working at home is what they are considering, they are probably wondering if they even need those folks. Headcount is going to come up soon.
I read One Wells Fargo from someone in the banking thread that I posted yesterday.
They're all next to eachother, people park in one building's garage and then work in a different building... doesn't really matter.  Dude had to be in Overstreet Mall.  That puts pretty much all of Uptown far more likely to have been exposed.
Not sure where you got those numbers but they are completely inaccurate.
What a pathetic, half-assed response made by people that can’t be arsed to take care of the well-being of anyone.
Well they and many other companies had plenty of advanced warning to buy up additional capacity and to stress test the VPN gateways...  Not naming names, but some companies aren't even doing their first VPN stress tests until late next week...
Yeah, with a  small, mom&pop company like wells fargo it's pretty unlikely that they issue laptops, have any kind of business continuity plan, or have the technical infrastructure to allow office workers who can do their job from anywhere, and are only required to come in because if you're not sitting in some miserable cubicle or open office under florescent lights 9 hours a day, you're not really working, are you?
I think it’s infrastructure concerns.
One Wells, 6th Floor.
Thanks.
Just schedule a “1:1 meeting” with the affected person. Then you have a paper trail that you “officially” were in contact.  Y’all just start working at the bank or something?
Is the advanced warning you are referring to the last few weeks of the corona saga? if so, assuming you work/ed at one of these companies, you know it takes more than a few weeks to implement what you just mentioned.
They probably *don't* have the technical infrastructure to handle everyone working from home all at once.  (assuming Wells employees have to connect via VPN or Citrix or something to wfh)
Hey I worked on that floor two years ago! I wonder if the Festivus pole is still there.
“Yeah, we’ll follow up on that”
They probably DO have the technical infrastructure, or definitely should.  I work for a large fortune 100 (non-bank) national company, and they claim to have tested the capacity to handle 60000 vpn connections, more than the total number of employees.    I would say the bigger issue is something as unprecedented as telling every employee that can work from home should work from home has to be made at the top, and these CEOs probably have one or two other things they need to be worried about, like their entire balance sheet melting down.  I'm not saying it's not the right thing to do, but large companies unfortunately have large bureaucracies that aren't really setup to turn on a dime.  I'm just not sure people are comprehending quite how unprecendented this actually is.  I mean, I'd be surprised (and interested) to know how many companies pandemic plan actually included "what if every employee must work from home".
Their VPN is called MyED and it definitely DOESN'T stand for Erectile Dysfunction.
its one of the largest banks in the USA. You can bet money their VPN systems are robust.
It's not.
They are working on it...expanded capacity is due to be deployed April 2nd.  They didn't expect 200,000 remote connections at a single time, lol.
And the US is one of the richest countries in the world. You can bet we have stockpiled masks and surge hospital space...turns out not so much.
The real tragedy here... 😢
Theres a slight difference between chucking a second ASA or whatever VPN appliance in a rack and having an extra hospital on standby.
I’d bet money that the #4 bank in the world has state of the art VPN more than I would “bank” on US healthcare infrastructure to handle this pandemic without a serious struggle ;-)

This helpful fella was walking around warning people of the dangers of coronavirus today.

At least one of us is properly outfitted.
Ah! Ala plague doctor!
Oh Jesus Christ I don’t need this in Charlotte. I’m gonna die soon
I am getting heist movie vibes
Blank man?
The hero we need.
But not the hero we deserve

Trying to forget about coronavirus for a second and appreciate uptown’s golden hour


Vitamin C can both treat and prevent Coronavirus.


Brewery Meetup - Coronavirus update and community feedback
Hey r/Charlotte! As I’m sure you’re all aware, we now have confirmed cases of covid-19 here in Charlotte. I wanted to give everyone who is a part of the meetups or interested in joining us an update on where I’m standing with things.As of right now there are no immediate plans to postpone the meetups, however that option is on the table moving forward. Today saw the first brewery in town postponing operations in Sycamore Brewing. If, over the next days and weeks, we begin seeing more breweries postponing public operations, I will likely postpone the meetups for one or two weeks and reevaluate from there.But again, as of today, meetups will still be going for the foreseeable future, I just wanted to give my views on the situation and get some feedback from the r/Charlotte community on their opinions on my stance. Thanks!
We were at yancey last night. It was empty. I felt so bad for the servers and bar tenders. That place is usually packed after work
Wow! I hadn't heard about Sycamore until this. I wonder if any other larger breweries will end up doing things differently too. I really hope for employee's sake that income will still be available.
I mean when concerts and other venues are shutting down you would think you know a place where you eat and drink and interact closely with others would too.
If we let the virus interrupt our drinking then the terrorists win
I'm finally making a dent in my absurd horde of craft beer at home so that's a silver lining!
Well now I have a better reason to stay away other then they’re too far.
Yeah, that was what prompted me to make this post. I’ve been keeping an eye on things just as a citizen trying to keep informed (and watching it slowly drain my IRA), but with Sycamore taking the actions they have I realized I should probably let people know I’m at least considering things and not just ignoring what’s going on.
I went to Beer Garden and Resident Culture tonight and they have zero plans to stop as of now
And we don’t negotiate with terrorist.
This but unironically.
I’m impressed at how much of an asshole you managed to sound like while ignoring much of what I had written. I am keeping a close eye on not only closures but also number of cases in the greater Charlotte area (as the two go hand in hand). Currently the greater Charlotte area has two confirmed and one possible case of covid-19 so far. Should that number increase between now and Tuesday, I will be cancelling this week’s meetup and likely the one after. Similarly if we begin seeing the breweries in town close to the public I will be doing the same.  There is a fine line between appropriate caution and overreaction that must be walked during these times. Appropriate caution helps mitigate community spread while overreaction accelerates panic within the community and leads to things like the toilet paper shortage.  Finally, I really don’t appreciate the insinuation that I don’t take the health and safety of my members or my family seriously. So kindly step off your high horse, stop assuming you have all the answers, and stop assuming you know people without having met them.
They're not far, I drive from Concord all the time. We used to go to Seaboard in Matthews, did you ever come to that one?
The brewery I work at is also remaining open, but the management has been awesome for me. They’re aware of my health condition and are being flexible with me and I’m sure if any of my other coworkers are in the same position. I’m lucky to work for an awesome company. They’re taking steps and precautions for public health as well and changing plans as things progress.
You do realize going off cases isnretarded considering noones getting tested.
Eh, anything over 15-20 minutes is to far for me now.  My tolerance for traffic has drastically dropped since I started working from home.  And I don't remember ever seeing one there, if there was another and a few days notice I'd probably go.
I make my decisions based on available information. Should people in West Virginia be panicking despite no confirmed cases in their entire state?
I do follow Jeff Jackson, and know him to an extent personally. Since you seem to have knowledge I don’t, can you please point me to where he has suggested preemptive self isolation when you have no reason to suspect you have had any contact with anyone infected?
I understand that. I'm used to Atlanta traffic, so getting around here isn't so bad. I found the [one](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/9302up/brewery_meetup_seaboard_brewing_tues_731_6pm/), [two](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/840p4z/brewery_meetup_seaboard_brewing_taproom_and_wine/), and [three](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/7bcuw2/brewery_meetup_seaboard_tap_room_tues_117_6pm/) old meetup posts at Seaboard.
Yes

Mecklenburg County has only 3 coronavirus tests available, health director says

“We were sent three tests and we were told that after you use those, we’ll send three more,” health director Gibbie Harris told reporters.   Well that just seems silly.
A million people,  an international airport and we have enough kits in the county to test less than 0.0003 percent of the population at a time.   Wow.
This is going to get very bad very quickly.  My mom was in the ER twice with all the symptoms. Travelled within the US a week before this showed up. She's immunocompromised and her fever has been dangerously high. They twice told her she has the flu (without testing) and sent her home, said to follow up with her GP. GP won't see her because of her symptoms and says to go to the ER if she needs help.
Raleigh probably got 10.
Cant have more than 3 cases if you dont have more than 3 tests *forehead tap*
Didnt the NBA get 60 the same day they asked? So just fuck Charlotte I guess 🙄
What the fuck
3 is an absurd number even if there are other labs testing.  People should understand that this is not an accident of fate or nature. This comes from decades of defunding the CDC and health departments and not taking warnings from epidemiologists seriously. It comes from complacency and incompetence and from an anti-government ideology that has infected our institutions and our political culture. No other industrialized country is failing at the level we are failing, and we are going to pay a huge price in terms of death, human suffering and economic fallout.  The best thing folks can do now is assume that the virus is already pervasive in Charlotte and stay at home. Restaurants and other retail need to be shut down now. We must assume that is spreading rapidly in Charlotte in the absence of testing to prove otherwise.
This gotta be a joke seriously 😤
Absolutely ridiculous.
jesus fucking christ
we are so woefully under-prepared for this here.
I've gotten to the point these past 3 years where nothing surprises me. But, I've been constantly blown away with the complete ineptitude of this administrations handling of this pandemic. Floored even. It's like it's at a level of ineptitude that I didn't even think was possible.
Trump says that's two more than we would have gotten under Obama. 🙄
That’s one test for every 359,000 people.
Did anyone read the article?  It seems most tests are within the hands of the places that would actually do the testing like the hospital or doctors.  “Each kit contains two tests, health officials later said. Hospitals and private labs also have testing capability. Tryon Medical Partners, which serves more than 130,000 Mecklenburg residents, said Friday that it has more than 300 tests on hand and has been testing patients from their cars”  We’re behind, but this is misinformation.
Thank God I work from home
But dont worry CMS is still a-ok to run guys
Just for morons whose inflated self-worth snd arrogance outshines everything else! I’m sure you have 92 rolls of toilet paper, don’t you.
Get a grip, it’s a flu. It’s not the plague.
“U guys should be good with those right? HMU if u need more”
I thought all facilities that did testing through labcorp now could test
We need to find the warehouse where Obama kept all the test kits and ventilators.
About 800,000 people in Charlotte Proper, 2.3 Million in the greater Charlotte metropolitan area.
We’re too busy making America great to deal with a hoax.
Yeah they have 1 kit left and apparently this shit needs to be rationed 🙄. This is absolutely going to get worse
Novant has drive through centers. They are not here in Meck, but might be worth finding out so she can get help
That's horrible.... I really hope she gets the help she needs.
This is my greatest fear. You must feel so impotent. I hope--- I don't even know what to reasonably hope. I hope she comes out of this okay. Try to get the fever down. That's the only at-home useful thing I've really seen for people who have it.
No doubt. I bet they’re smug as hell about it too.
Well at least they can stop hating on CLT for once.
I think they gave every county 3 equally.
Big brain time
They forgot we had an NBA team
Here as in Charlotte? Try the United States
Are you always this belligerently ignorant?
Mecklenburg county has about 1.1 million.   My math checks out. But point being if Mecklenburg can only get 3 at a time then there may be less than 10 for the whole metro area. Disgusting.
/s
I mean, do we really?
Oh, I'm sure any one of our pro sports teams could get tests, or at least football, basketball, and Nascar. It's the unmonied masses who are fucked.
I mean the US as a whole. Our president is probably one of the worst people to be leading us through this.
* City: 731,434 * Estimated: 872,498 * Urban: 1,249,422 * Metro: 2,569,213  It's gone up since I last checked.  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlotte,\_North\_Carolina](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlotte,_North_Carolina)
I hope his supporters are able to see an issue here
None of those estimates are Mecklenburg county which has an estimated population of 1,093,901.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mecklenburg_County,_North_Carolina
Charlotte is different from solely Mecklenberg County.
The article and the OP specifically mention Mecklenburg county have three test not Charlotte.
You guys arguing over the numbers, just say "three kits ain't gonna cut it".

Mecklenburg has 3 coronavirus tests but your private doctor may be able to test you faster.


Mobile testing sites for Coronavirus popping up around CLT

I would imagine that screening is a big part of this - weed out the hypochondriacs (who have my sympathies, I’m an anxious hypochondriac myself at times), those who have minor symptoms and don’t meet the criteria for testing (in a perfect world that criteria would be different, but it’s where we are) and to free up some space in other emergency departments/urgent care places for things like broken bones, cuts, etc.
But if we only have 680 tests, then why?
Ok it said call, but gave no number... wth
You can’t just drive up to these places, you have to call ahead and get orders for one. They allude to it in the article. I read about Colorado’s drive up testing sites and imagine it’s not too different.

Probability of events getting cancelled because of corona virus
I’m curious as to what the probability for events getting cancelled is? There’s a football/soccer match coming up on the 26th and with certain precautions being taken with certain events, I was wondering if the Mexico vs Czech Republic has a possibility of being cancelled?
The nba just suspended their season. I’d say it’s a high chance of getting cancelled or at least closed to the public
Very high likelihood and honestly if you care about trying to prevent it from spreading you should practice social distancing as much as you can (with the exception of work, which many of us can't avoid)
I’m a bit irritated that they haven’t canceled the Saint Patrick’s Day bar crawl and events this weekend. I feel like it’s reckless.
More than a possibility.
There are a couple collegiate baseball games at Knights Stadium next week....still waiting to hear about that. IDK if the games being outside matter....
Yes
Some may just be closed to the public, like the NCAA tournament, and a lot of sporting events overseas. It's going to be weird to see the games without the feedback of the crowd.
100%
Man, that’s why I’m wondering since this soccer match is more “international” players coming from different leagues in the world, let alone people if they make the trip.
Let’s say they don’t, you can’t get refunds after buying tickets for an event like this, can you?
It’s gonna get cancelled.
It'll be cancelled or postponed at some point. No way that goes down.
The president suspended travel from Europe for 30 days, that would likely  include professional athletes.
You can get a refund for this until Friday at 5pm
I think it only gets cancelled if the government stops large gatherings. The promoters (rich and Bennett) won't cancel or postpone it because they'll lose their ass. They are offering refunds until tmw. If the reschedule it until like August they'll draw a way smaller crowd.
I would agree with that too.
I would rather neither so that’s why I asked, but thanks for your help
So I feel like he's obviously saying the loss of money is unfortunately the lesser evil
And I totally get that, I think it’s pretty obvious what I should care about if I had to pick.

Carowinds wont close for corona-virus

Dude if they’re closing Disney and Universal parks, don’t you think Carowinds will end up closing too?
Is carowinds open?
Because they won’t open.
Yay
No, it opens March 21st.
If you’re worried, don’t go. But without sports this seems like a good pass time and lines will be short.
Media got to you I see. ;)
You’ll find those people somewhere else afterwards... The smartest thing for everyone to do is to stay at home.
Maybe instead of wasting time on distracting yourself with sports or rollercoasters you should educate yourself instead on how the virus spreads instead.  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/faq.html
Yeah I’m just not worried at all

Spread the word: Stop showing up at hospitals to get tested for corona virus
If you don’t have symptoms, have not been in contact with someone who has tested positive, and are not in actual distress, you should not be showing up at a hospital requesting a test.Here’s why: Tests are very limited, you’re wasting the hospitals valuable resources (staff), wasted PPE are being used to evaluate you, and most importantly, YOUR PUTTING YOURSELF AT RISK of actual exposure.Please spread the word - we have to be smarter than this!
This whole ordeal must be a hypochondriac’s nightmare.
I wish we had more testing and testing drive thrus. I’ve been having shortness of breath but no fever. I don’t know what to do 😔
We need more tests. Many healthy carriers will show little to no symptoms, it's insane that you can only be tested when it's obvious you have it.
This is the tough part of all this. People could have received it from someone who's asymptomatic. So nobody ever finds out
I wish there were more announcements like this on local and national news, radio, everywhere.
Hi OP just curious what sparked you to make this post? Do you work at a hospital and are seeing tons of people showing up for tests?
We keep being told that the lack of testing is a huge problem. [NY Times here](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/03/17/us/coronavirus-testing-data.html). So people are like "OMG, I have to get tested, it's my duty!"  edit: you also have people on twitter who are not at-risk, and mildly symptomatic driving to multiple health care facilities to try to get tested. What the hell, stay home.
I wonder this but would it not be in the best interest to develop a home test you can take so that you never have to go to the Doctor unless you have a confirmed test? It seems like a very expensive upfront cost that could save millions of dollars and lives in the future.
Unless you are dying and cannot breathe, don’t go to the hospital. Self quarantine the best you are able to whether you think you have the virus or not. Other than confirming you have it and offering you oxygen, there’s not much other treatment they can give you. So stay home, take some Tylenol, get enough fluids, and chill.
A good friend of mine in ATL had contact with surfaces after a person who complained of "a cold" had left. They now have a list of symptoms considered benchmarks of Covid-19 and are waiting over a week now for test results. The old tests were slow and are all consumed. The new tests are fast but haven't been distributed yet. The last thing we should do after a random cough is go tie up an already strangled system. There are actual sick people who need those resources.
Unfortunately people are selfish and many wont listen
I've had some chest congestion for the last two weeks.  Usually I just pass it off as allergies.  But now I'm not sure.  It's probably allergies, because I don't have a fever and I feel fine.
Respectfully, this is bad advice.   The issue with this call to action is that, to the best of our knowledge, many young carriers of the virus (people 40 years or younger) don't demonstrate any symptoms. Getting tested and self quarantining when receiving a positive result is the best way to prevent the spread.  I mean this in a non-partisan way: shortages aren't the fault of the people who are showing up, being responsible, and getting tested- this is a failure of our healthcare system and government.   No matter where you stand, you should be outraged that in the United States of America athletes and celebrities have access to testing kits while the average person doesn't know where to find them or is experiencing shortages.
Guarantee these are the same dipshits that bought 12 packs of toilet paper each.
https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/28927492/saints-sean-payton-says-tested-positive-coronavirus  The sentence in this article that mentions that 20% of cases will not exhibit a major symptom such as coughing or fever caught my attention.
If you have a primary care doctor I really urge to stay in place and isolate yourself if you are having symptoms or concerned you have been exposed. Your PCP's are first line of defense. Many even have portals you can message and I know tryon medical partners along with novant and atrium have virtual telehealth visits if you are concerned.
The reason the spread is so rampant is because people not showing symptoms have it and are spreading it and aren’t getting tested because we are only telling people with symptoms to get tested. Let’s not armchair quarterback this pandemic
I can only speak for myself: I've been a hypochondriac for so long that being convinced I have this ain't shit compared to the handful of times I've been positive I have AIDS or the biweekly cancer or anything else really. I feel oddly at peace about this one. Maybe because it's for sure going to get to me (and everyone else in time), or that it's not much worse than the flu and I've already had worse. I dunno. Yes and no. Part of me thinks a lot of folks who don't normally feel this way are getting a little taste of what it's like for us in daily life. Not that that's exciting or makes me happy, but this is truthfully just the same ol same ol to a degree.    I just woke up and this was a rambling stream of consciousness, sorry if it's repetitive.   Edit: Some offered advice for those that are unfamiliar with these waters, you're okay. If you get this thing, just do what medical professionals suggest to do. Literally almost everyone has little to worry about. 5x the number of people who have this won't even show symptoms than those for whom this may be fatal. And everyone else just kinda gets sick. You'll be okay. Rest, take it easy. If you're in a position to work, do that and be thankful. If you start to feel overwhelmed, ground yourself. Be aware of your surroundings, touch things, go outside or to your bed. Whatever sounds good to you and take note that you are; in fact, safe.
I have health anxiety and it has been pretty bad for me. I’ve stopped being hyper-aware of the usual stuff that gets me (weird aches and pains) so that’s good. But, yeah, there are moments where I’ll cough or feel a bit warm and then I’ll experience a wave of dread. What really, really sucks is that my panic disorder is mostly in remission, but I’ll have moments where I feel like I can’t breathe (anxiety induced) and then feel a massive wave of dread because I “can’t breathe” so I must have Covid-19.   Crazy as it may sound, I’ve been checking my breathing/lungs by doing little bursts of cardio. For example, I’ll walk with my dog down to get the mail (long driveway) and then race her back to the house. Then I’ll check how I’m feeling...Is this the right amount of breathing for what I’ve just done? Cool! I feel okay.
I don't consider myself a hypochondriac, but I was just in CO on a ski trip where they had a handful of cases. My wife kind of freaked, so I've been hyper aware of any symptoms. I've got temperature data from Monday to today, and I swear every time I cough or sniffle her ears perk up. So far, so good though, I think I'll be allowed to sleep in our bed tonight.
Or dream
Contact your PCP and if you have access to virtual visits schedule a virtual visit with them. They can assess your symptoms and tell you what to do.
https://atriumhealth.org/campaigns/primarycare/virtualvisit/virtualvisit  Virtual visits are $25 and some insurance plans cover them.
I also have symptoms. I think if you are young and healthy otherwise, and the symptoms are not debilitating, we should wait until it gets worse or testing is more available. Virtual visits or calling the hotlines is a good option if you are concerned about your symptom severity. Self quarantine and act as if you do have it in the meantime.
Fever is a key factor
I'm 5hrs late, but I mean well. My wife and I both woke up with shortness of breath today. No fever, no sore throat, no congestion, and no symptoms yesterday. We've been isolated in home for two weeks, minus obligatory trips to the store. She's an asthma patient, but I have no history of respiratory problems. It was 60F, 100% humidity, with yellow pollen in the puddles on the ground. I am 90% certain THAT is why we both had identical heavy chests at exactly the same time. I hope that grants you a few hours peace.
Yes, but you don't need to use up hospital resources to get tested. Pop-up testing centers are getting organized now, you can talk to your GP or go do a virtual visit (https://atriumhealth.org/campaigns/primarycare/virtualvisit/virtualvisit for example as noted above in the thread) if you think you have symptoms.
Or if you are [rich and famous](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/18/us/coronavirus-testing-elite.html?action=click&module=Spotlight&pgtype=Homepage).
Not OP, but am a healthcare worker at one of the local Urgent Care clinics in CLT currently testing patients   We haven't had a ton, no. Most patients who come in have called the hotline to find out where to go. They then call us to notify us that they have symptoms so that we can be prepared .  I've had more people come in off the street asking for masks (NO!) than those I've had to test this past week.
“Get tested! Get Tested! Get Tested!”  “Why is everyone showing up wanting to get tested?”   😂    I get the argument of not going to the the doctor but This whole thing has been a shit show of mixed information. I should of bought more popcorn 🍿
It appears EverlyWell is working on that. https://www.everlywell.com/blog/news-and-info/our-commitment-to-fighting-covid-19/
That's what the doctor who died was called the whistleblower and later his opinion came out to be the pandemic you're talking about.
Just one thing to add: this IS much worse than the flu. 30-50 times more deadly, more contagious and no vaccine. But the fact that there is no treatment means you should avoid hospitals and doctors offices unless you are very sick.
Hello, are we the same person? Lay on your left arm too long last night and woke up a bit to turn over and it hurts? Is it a heart attack or just a body ache? This is hell.
>  I've got temperature data from Monday to today  You may find this person's experience helpful:  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/health/2020/03/19/new-york-doctor-tests-positive-coronavirus-reports-different-symptoms/2873342001/
There is also a hotline for Mecklenburg County if you don’t have a PCP or access to virtual visits: 980-314-9400. Reasons for being at increased risk are listed on Mecklenburg County’s [COVID-19 site. ](https://www.mecknc.gov/news/Pages/Update-on-Novel-Coronavirus.aspx)
I had one last week, and although Atrium is out of network, my BCBSNC paid for it. I’m immunocompromised and did not want to be in a waiting room full of sick people.
Thanks for the response. OPs title made it seem like there’s a pandemic of people wanting to get tested for the pandemic.
Well shit! Honestly, I don't feel even remotely bad. I've been able to work out, ride the bike, etc. I work from home anyway, so my wife is around me, but we're on different floors and, like I said, she's not letting me sleep in the bed. Today is 72+ hours since I was on a plane and really even out in public. My temp has been +/-1° from 97.1°F to 98.1° taken 3-5 times a day since Monday. Did intense cardio, lifted, cut the grass. I think I'm fine, but we're stocked up on food and I'm excited to sleep in our bed tonight!
Well, most people do want to be tested. I'd rather we just test everyone, multiple times. But we don't have the resources. Until we do, we have to limit by setting the guidelines.  NCDHHS response has been awesome. There are billboards with the hotline number, as well as the signs along the highway instructing people to call for info and to stay home. This has helped inform our citizens of what should be done and how to go about it.  I don't see crazy numbers of sick people, which is good at this stage.

Local Charlotte doctor discovers major breakthrough for Corona virus cure.


