Coronavirus: How prepared is Buncombe for COVID-19?

I believe HCA has increased its stock in billing invoices and added staff to its collection department.
steps i am taking to protect myself:  - eating an entire SCOBY to boost my immune system  - rubbing lavender essential oils on my glans  - collecting all the dried soap off the pipes of the west village market bathroom  - boofing Chakra crystals  no way some Tecate virus is getting me
A very likely outcome at this point, as much as it sucks, is that 50% of everybody will get this by the end of the year.  Some are saying higher and that it is unstoppable now. We fucked up our window of opportunity.
Have you seen when it rains?
I don't know about Buncombe Co but can speak to Mission's response.  Mission is screening all patients and visitors on entry, asking about symptoms (fever, cough). Symptomatic people are masked and isolated, contact and airborne precautions.  Entrances have been reduced (to make sure everyone is screened).   Limited access after 7 pm (previously 9 pm).  No visitors younger than 12.  Mission has a COVID19 website with lots of resources if you want to find out more.
Wash your hands before eating.  It will be fine.
You can check out: r/coronanc and r/northcarolinacovid
I can tell you that as of yesterday they hadn't shared any protocol with employees (at least not the one I live with) re: what to do if a patient comes into the office coughing. The only instruction their department has received was that they were not to share any info publicly (which would violate HIPAA anyway). HCA seems to be more concerned with covering their asses than protecting their employees.
"Ah yes, we will charge thousands of dollars for testing for this highly contagious and deadly virus, so we can track it and know where it is traveling. Surely no one with symptoms would avoid the hospital because of the cost.   Our plan is fool proof."  \-Mission Health, probably
Relevant: [“Can the uninsured get tested?”](https://www.mediaite.com/news/watch-pence-spox-katie-miller-scolds-reporter-for-asking-can-the-uninsured-get-tested-for-coronavirus/)
Hindsight my dude. Well done.
*nice*
Yea, it's not as though it's twice as contagious as the flu and 340% more lethal.
Your opinion is unwelcome here. The spread of hate due to ignorance and fear is unacceptable. You clearly know very little about China.
This is hilarious coming from the guy who can't figure out how to read local news articles online.
This attitude has been prevalent in many hospitals across the US. It is exactly what a bug like this needs to keep spreading.
No one really needs to worry about what the test cost because they're not available  Edit: Wake up! Your government doesn't care about you. Educate yourself and take the appropriate measures!
The information being spread is so false. I'm not scared about the coronavirus in particular, but disgusted by our inability to tackle it because of our crooked profit-based health industry. Free healthcare for all is my number one voting priority because it benefits everyone (I am VERY ill, but don't need to go to the doctor much because they can't do anything about it, but my illness has made me realize how vital and precious health is.)
[It doesn't help assuage cost fears that those who were placed in mandatory quarantine are being charged thousands of dollars for it.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/29/upshot/coronavirus-surprise-medical-bills.html)
Wait 20-30 years for the next 60’s nostalgia craze. Rinse, repeat.
They have up to 84. This is coming from their med staff meeting going on right now.
𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) #Nice Leaderboard **1.** `u/RepliesNice` at **3803 nices**  **2.** `u/cbis4144` at **1800 nices**  **3.** `u/randomusername123458` at **1298 nices**  **...**  **235852.** `u/BandySunker` at **1 nice**  ---  ^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS)
People are sheep. I officially give up on Americans  Edit: not you, but the malignantly optimistic-denial ridden-responsibility avoiding- fools
Actually our reporting rate is extremely flawed -very few people have even been tested in the US. So we have no accurate infection rate to create an accurate death rate. Restrictions were only lifted today. Chances are the death rate will be in the 1-2% range, which is still not good. Among the 70+ age group its more like 15% in China
our death rate is much worse because of a single retirement home that got infected...
What are the appropriate measures?
>It doesn't help assuage cost fears that those who were placed in mandatory quarantine are being charged thousands of dollars for it.  fuck this corrupt capitalist nightmare we have become
i didnt think you meant me, i didnt downvote.
Many people in America lack running water and indoor plumbing as well.
Again, you clearly know very little about China if you truly believe that. As someone with many loved ones from/in China, having spent time in China myself, you are simply wrong. I don't refute that it exists perhaps in the poorest areas, but the same can be said about anywhere in the world.  &#x200B;  But feel free to continue to spread ignorance as long as mods tolerate it.
Everyone needs to go the fuck inside and stay there. Everything needs to be shut down everywhere now. This is not an opinion, there will be no second chances here. It's not about if any one person is going to lives or dies, we are looking at a toll of human suffering that has not been seen since the 1918 Spanish flu
I can boil down the advice health agencies worldwide have been giving to two main tips: Wash your hands, don't touch your face.  If you can avoid crowded places and stay inside, do so. But since our country hates sick days and loves out of control capitalism, if you need to go out, there are some smart tips to follow:  * **Wash. Your. Hands.** 20 seconds at minimum (try singing the Happy Birthday song twice), under *hot* water. While the virus is airborne through droplets in the air, you're *much* more likely to get it by touching a surface someone infected touched, and then touching your face without washing your hands. * **Do NOT touch your face.** This is the main way you'll get the virus - from touching an infected surface, and then unconsciously touching your face with unsanitized hands. * **Disinfect objects you use daily.** Your phone, your keys, your keyboard, etc. You'll be touching these with unwashed hands a lot, so it's important to wipe them down with a clorox wipe or antiseptic wipe at the end of the day. * **Minimize person-to-person contact**. Like I said, the main way this virus will spread is through physical contact, not someone coughing in your face. Avoid handshakes, hugs, and kisses whenever you can. * **Try to keep 6 ft distance between you and other people.** The WHO has said that the virus most easily spreads through the air when you're closer than 6 ft to an infected person. Try to keep your distance, especially on public transit. * **Avoid non-necessary group gatherings and trips.** Try to stay away from crowded spaces whenever possible. Reschedule that sports game, movie trip, or flight to grandma's if possible.  **Things to not worry about:** masks. Masks won't do much for you day-to-day, and people hoarding them has created a shortage for healthcare providers and first responders who actually need them.  Like I've been saying, the main way people are catching this virus isn't through being in the same room as someone coughing, but rather touching surfaces the infected person touches after coughing. Carry some antibacterial wipes with you to wipe down surfaces, wear gloves, carry hand sanitizer - whatever measure works for you, do it.  The virus isn't going to spread to you if you're on one side of a store and someone coughs on the other side. It *will* spread if you grab the handle of the grocery cart that infected person just let go, though. Then you'll touch your face with your hands, giving the virus a way in to your body.
I have a horrid feeling we're not going to know how far this virus has spread until the vulnerable start dying off at an alarming rate. Officials are telling people they want to absolutely monitor the spread of the virus, but also telling people that if you have mild symptoms, you won't be tested because we fucked up the roll out of tests and we don't have enough. Despite the fact that the majority of the cases *have only mild symptoms*. Plus you have to pay thousands for the tests anyway.  People won't get tested because they can't afford it. People won't quarantine because they can't afford to miss work and don't get sick days. People won't keep their kids home from school or daycare because they can't skip work to look after quarantined kids. Our system is literally set up to ensure the worst possible scenario in this situation.
To have an accurate death rate we would be assuming that we know who has the disease. Thats the problem.  we dont.   Who here has been tested? Less than a thousand have been tested nation wide.  Edit: the lack of knowing who has covid 19 is what the real problem is, we’re cluelessly spreading it
the same people who are fucked whenever any sort of virus spreads... the elderly, immunocompromised, and those with underlying conditions
And lack of access to proper medical care. It's such an issue that we have humanitarian groups from overseas setting up the same mobile medical clinics they use in remote villages in Africa in places like Alabama and Tennessee.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8086077/amp/Hotel-China-holding-coronavirus-victims-quarantine-collapses.html?__twitter_impression=true  BASED CHINA IS SO GREAT. IF YOU DISAGREE U ARE RACIST
>we are looking at a toll of human suffering that has not been seen since the 1918 Spanish flu  Quite probably larger, according to predictions. The Spanish Influenza infected about a third (33%) of the world's population. The WHO has predicted around 40-70% of the world's population will get COVID-19.  Self-quarantine measures are incredibly important, not just for yourself, but for your community around you. Cancel all non-necessary trips. Buy a lot of supplies *now* so you don't have to go to stores often. Avoid crowded areas. The virus is coming here. It's a matter of when, not if. Be prepared.
what blows my mind is I read a medical professional explaining how the tests only cost around $\~10 in reagents and maybe a little more for labor. Nowhere near the 4 digits I've seen people claim they were charged. I hope I live to see the day where the health insurance industry burns to the ground.
WHO published by whats available now. They are not data scientists. They are merely doing the math with what are woefully under reported numbers. An article in the economist that is helpful is unfortunately behind a pay wall [https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2020/03/07/tourism-flows-and-death-rates-suggest-covid-19-is-being-under-reported](https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2020/03/07/tourism-flows-and-death-rates-suggest-covid-19-is-being-under-reported)   I am by no means suggesting that the comments made by our idiot in chief are in any way valid.   I for one am terrified in that if my elderly parents contract the virus they will die. All it takes is for some infected  kid in the supermarket who shows no symptoms getting their hands all over everything in the store. I think we’re close to the boiling point
If folks were doing the research they would know that it actually becomes much more deadly after the age of 30
Exactly. Kids are relatively resistant, but they still carry  Edit: age 60 and above is where there is real cause for concern
Im on my phone and can’t read that very well right now. But it looks like an abstract on how much more infectious the disease really is, which is my exact point. We know that 91,300 people are infected . That report also suggests the real infection rate is much higher
Absolutely! Just today they’ve authorized testing for anyone whose dr has ordered it. Before there were serious restrictions

Coronavirus: Mission Hospital restricts visitors due to COVID-19

Every entrance to the hospital has workers with check boards asking if you’ve traveled, if you have a fever or cough, and who squirt you with sanitizer before they let you in.   And the cafeteria has automated touch screens for ordering, so I am touching every doctor and visitor when I get food. Scrub scrub.
Pretty misleading headline that makes it seem like there's a COVID case at Mission.
!arweavethis
There are no confirmed cases in buncombe county, yet.
No press for the flu?
It seems irrelevant at this point to ask whether someone has been traveling. The Wake County patient had dinner at a restaurant (and who knows where else he went) and someone in Chatham County has it now, too. I'd be shocked if it wasn't already in Buncombe County, but I guess we'll know for sure in 2 weeks.
as if it were baited to get you to click. hmm.
**Saved to the permaweb! [https://arweave.net/SHXru382As_fS_KeRYJ3f5mLqMVmUtEKBmk6vqDlQ1A](https://arweave.net/SHXru382As_fS_KeRYJ3f5mLqMVmUtEKBmk6vqDlQ1A)**          *ArweaveThis is a bot created to permanently store comments and threads on the Arweave immutable storage. Built by [Cedriking](/u/Cedriking)*
Flu, deaths from tobacco smoking, prescription medicines, alcoholism, and the many other corporate self-inflicted deaths that our governments "okay" with because it supports the economy usually gets little to no press.  CDC reports ~787 deaths in the US since January. We definitely need to flatten the curve and I'm sorry for the loss of life...but this "virus" or whatever the "real" driver, is fundamentally going to change the world...it's up to every one of us to decide how!  In 2018, 67,367 drug overdose deaths occurred in the United States. The age-adjusted rate of overdose deaths decreased by 4.6% from 2017 (21.7 per 100,000) to 2018 (20.7 per 100,000). Opioids—mainly synthetic opioids (other than methadone)—are currently the main driver of drug overdose deaths. Opioids were involved in 46,802 overdose deaths in 2018 (69.5% of all drug overdose deaths).1 Two out of three (67.0%) opioid-involved overdose deaths involve synthetic opioids.2  Our Coronavirus response isn't "just" about protecting lives, it's about fast-tracking messed up laws while we're all distracted by this smokescreen so that the evil in power can maintain that power when the capitalist machine starts running again...the world is also on lockdown just in time to fulfill there government censuses...how convenient.  The lower and middle class may be hit even harder by the effects of everything over the next few weeks/monthd. Rally together in your local communities and be prepared to weather "an" apocalypse greater than the great depression. Think of what you can do now and in the future to reshape our world for the better, and use this time at hope to channel divinly inspired ideas for humanity because NOW is the time to Rise Up and put in place sustainable models for a more just and resilient future.   “You never change things by fighting against the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the old model obsolete.” -Buckminster Fuller
> Chatham County  Damn. Dude got sick while still in Italy at the end of Feb and  flew home. Those people seated around him surely went to all different cities and states after their flight.

Survival odds: hot tub expo at Ag center vs COVID-19
Which would you choose?
Legionnaire's isn't still on the menu?
They're not putting water in the hot tubs. So I'll choose hot tubs as a winner.
Think of it this way:  You could potentially get legionnaires by going to hot tub show. You could also get the Corona at hot tub show.   Yet, if you do not go to hot tub show, your odds of contracting legionnaires lowers. Although your odds of getting Corona stay the same.   I’ll just stay home.
Just left gun show. Pretty sure I have both now.
Everyone knows that there's really not much we can do, right? Like, we really are helpless to this kind of stuff, short of washing our hands and/or boarding up our windows. That being said, hakuna matata.
Uhhh I'd definitely be more concerned about the giant basketball tournament thats been going on all week than a hot tub expo...
Can I choose Dos XX virus instead of Corona?
I'll be trying my luck at SoCon. Go Cats!
Sucks they got a bad rap for that, but yeah I'd avoid it because of their piss poor track record on this alone...
no water allowed in the hot tubs this time around
My own cousin said it would be good population control and take out the weak. I just asked her if she remembered I was autoimmune comprised?  It was surprising to hear from someone born w/ a disability too!
Tell em’, meemaw!
oh my god, somebody was crude on the internet.
OMG....somebody still has a conscious...let's downvote them because they shamed my edgelord status!
Ok
I think you were looking for "conscience".

Infectious Disease Expert Michael Osterholm Explains what we're up against with covid-19 | Joe Rogan

There is a suspected case in AVL, but testing has been refused. They're rationing tests at our expense. Oh, and if you never get tested you're never entitled to paid leave.
Good information to have, either way.
Jamie, google if silverback gorillas can get coronavirus
How is this relevant to r/asheville?
This post and its comnents (ALL the comments) are a perfect example of how pathetic we are.  Any other time, the comments pointing out that this is not Asheville specific would be lauded and upvoted. But we have the Panic Brigade here, and irrational fear is expressing itself here because the fearful want their concerns heard (i.e. they want attention in their "moment of crisis".  All this stupid panicking is shutting down cultural events, endangering the livelihoods of millions,  and taking attention away from more actionable problems.  Chill the Fuck Out and Carry On
Joe Rogan is human garbage and y'all are freaking out for no reason. Turn the news off and go live your lives.
Do you have a source for that latter part? I suspect my employer will try to fight me on this.  Edit: or a source for any of it?
The American Healthcare system is amazing. /s
Someone posted an article of a case confirmed in a county close to us? I believe that is the connection.
Our local economy is very tourist driven. This guy is saying this thing could last until the summer which won't be good for local businesses at all with many people staying home.
You couldn't be more wrong.
Just trying to make people aware. If you don't like it keep scrolling,  but keep in mind that this **will** effect a lot of people.
Worst. Advice. Ever.   Do you really think Italy would quarantine their entire country if this was not a big deal?! Their hospitals are literally over run at this point.   Even if you’re not at risk for serious complications from Covid-19 why would you risk contracting and the subsequently spreading the disease to those that are at risk?
Whether Joe Rogan is human garbage or not, he's still got a medical professional who's been researching this stuff for most his life talking about how this isn't to be taken lightly.   Anyone's opinion about Joe doesn't matter here in the slightest.  Like he said, it's not the end of the world, but it's also not something to brush off.   But if you're an idiot, you're an idiot, and  no one can help you with that. Good luck.
[Access issues across the country.](https://scoop.upworthy.com/woman-coronavirus-symptoms-cant-get-tested-not-qualified)  Local woman recommended for testing by State, Dr declined to test [here.](https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10218231963844956&id=1065860959)
Honestly, I’m surprised we haven’t had a case reported already.
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/462/206/93b.png
Right? Being informed isn’t freaking out.
This. So much this
Comparing what Italy is doing to what y'all are doing is not even remotely honest. Italy isn't hoarding toilet paper and bottled water and staring at CNN 24x7.
There's a lot of daylight between "take this seriously" and "freak the hell out." This sub has tended mostly towards the latter as of late, as has most of the country. I don't know about you but that's the definition of idiocy in my book.
News sources are only reporting confirmed cases. The suspected cases are exponentially higher, and access to testing is being declined by our own doctors. No office wants to be ground zero, and certainly not a for-profit hospital.   P.S. Your doctor can legally decline to test you.
That woman's story is horrifying for me. I have asthma and diabetes. I already have problems breathing, what should I be doing now? I feel like I need to hide somewhere for 2 months and have 0 public interaction.
Talked to a nurse from mission today. She basically said nothing yet but they are definitely expecting it to happen fsirly soon.
It’s only 1hr and 30mins away. That isn’t much of a stretch.
People are buying lots of toilet paper? Better whine about it online
Way to avoid his answer you fucking moron
Yes, and people can both watch the news and live their lives.  How you approach the situation is up to you, but I think you'll realize soon enough that it's more serious than you think it is. World economy tanking,h countries on total lockdown, major events being canceled left and right, etc..  But I'm sure it's all over blown and we'll all be A okay. I rarely do this but I'll make the exception here. I'll come back to these comments and check in with how you feel in a month or two.
All the same things you would be doing to keep from getting the flu.
I would encourage you to read my comment again, because your response indicates you didn't the first time, unless you just came here looking to hurl insults at a random person today in which case have a great day and good luck.
That sells it for me, you must be trolling.
How do you figure "hey take this seriously but going absolutely apeshit is going to be counter-productive" is trolling? Those are some impressive mental gymnastics just to, again, try and insult someone on the internet. Spreading panic and fear is evil. That's all. Period. End of story.
Okie dokie! : )
Just checking back in, you still think this is over blown? 120k cases and 2200 deaths in less than a month in the US. Are people still "freaking out for no reason" should we "go out and live our lives"?
Hey I was actually thinking about this conversation the other day. I think you still don't understand the point I was trying to get across. The hoarding we saw leading up to the lockdown orders in many states (and still going on apparently) hasn't helped anyone that I'm aware of. You're right the exponential rise in cases and deaths is an absolute tragedy that could have been avoided if people had stayed home, washed their hands, and not been out buying a 10 year supply of toilet paper and bread. I'm also concerned for the mental health of people using these highly dubious "outbreak tracker" apps. As I said originally the healthiest thing people can do is follow the recommendations but that doesn't mean freaking out about it every second of every day nor does it mean completely ignoring the damn thing. I don't know why that wasn't clear to begin with, but I hope it's clear now.
"Joe Rogan is human garbage and y'all are freaking out for no reason. Turn the news off and go live your lives."  That was the original post I responded to, and it doesn't sound anything like what you just described here. But I appreciate you recognizing how serious it is, and worrying about people's health. Just the way you original said it was more akin to the people who respond with "Don't worry, it's just the flu! Stop freaking out, it'll be fine." which has led to people not taking it seriously, and ending up infecting people. Maybe you should have made these points in your original post, instead of coming off the way you did. I'm not really sure how people are supposed to get your recent message from a post that starts with "Joe Rogan is human garbage" and ends with telling people to live their lives like normal.

Real time updates for U.S./CAN on covid-19.


Possible COVID 19 in Buncombe County?

i have submitted tips to some local news outlets, with the name of the restaurant, and will let the journalists handle the situation from here.
According to [this link](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/en) from u/c1tycamp3r in another thread, it does not show any positive, confirmed cases in Buncombe county yet. The person you ask about may be suspected and likely have it, but it's not showing as confirmed yet. Click on North Carolina and it breaks down confirmed cases by county. There are only 1-2 confirmed cases in NC, the others are presumptive positives. This is due to lack of testing.
UNCA has extended spring break until March 23 and then we are going to remote only delivery for our classes at least until April 6. Email was just sent out an hour ago.
I have also independently heard that mission hospital had their first positive test today (still unannounced). i’m 3 people removed from the alleged source so take it with a grain of salt, but something worth keeping an eye on juuuuust in case
Sure would be nice if we knew which eatery has Wu on the menu.   Rumor or not -- why risk it?   If it's false, delete the post.   If true, you're a lifesaver.
Y’all need to chill the fuck out. Quit with this fear mongering and just live your life.   Everyone wants to be “interesting” and “know the scoop”. Turns out you’re just as dumb as everyone else, man.
thank you, will def look into!
thanks, that is so inconvenient but nesisary i suppose
thanks very much. so far i’ve heard bout a student at TC Robertson and a restaurateur key word *heard* lol
well, if he is a restaurateur, doesn’t that concern you if he’s been around people and their food for up too the last 14 days? it’s a fairly well known asheville restaurant
will share the name of the restaurant once more evidence has supported it
defiantly agree, and i would if i had more evidence, i would hate however to hurt the reputation of their restaurant until i know more.
bro, i heard this from a strong and trust worthy source that. well known asheville restaurantuer has tested positive and would like to know if anyone else has anything else to offer the conversation. I happen to live with my elderly immunocompromised grandmother, and  i am traveling home to New York next week and i have a sneaking suspicion that a lot more people have this illness that we all think. get a grip on reality and don’t comment unless you have something important or insightful to contribute to the conversation.
Every post on here that calls for calm gets downvoted. These people don’t want calm. They love rumors and want everyone else to be a scared as the TV has made them.
you’ve heard wrong in both cases, there are no confirmed cases in Buncombe County at this time… The closest case is down in the Greenville/Spartanburg area
it’s a public health concern my man. spring break is coming up, all the tourists are going to come too town, we just had a fairly large 5 day basketball tournament that brought in people from NC, Virginia, SC, Georgia, TN, etc. i would say that it is worth looking at.
yeah i didn’t say the name, however it is a public health concern and issue if it is made true. wouldn’t you wanna know if the restaurant you where eating at has staff exposed to COVID 19? plus this is not some mom and pop restaurant, it is large and has multiple locations in asheville.
lmao ok. you got me haha
bro how does this make me seem foolish. stop commenting then lol. you don’t need to respond, we are having a conversation that pertains to public health in Asheville witch is what this subreddit is for.
yes! definitely! i have made a tip to both News 13, MountainXpress, and the Citizen Times. i will let the journalists take it from here.
you do sound foolish, torpedoing a local business because you heard a rumor that is obviously, verifiably, and positively not true... Just because you want to feel like you are “in the know” is dickhead behavior. Stop stirring shit and listen to the public health officials who are openly telling you that there are 12 cases in North Carolina and none of those cases are in Buncombe County.
ok lol, good luck my man! i was just curious to see if anyone knows anything! i’ll let you know if there are any updates! thanks!

Covid 19 Megathread
Post all of your Corona Virus info, rumors, and memes here in this thread. We'll periodically refresh / renew the megathread so that the latest news is easily accessible. From here on out, all other related posts will be deleted. Thank you for your contributions to the community!
What's up with everyone buying toilet paper? Does the Corona Virus make us shit ourselves to death? Is that what this is about?
Alright so here’s an update after talking to Mahec and the health department. If you’ve been to Iran,Italy, Japan, China, South Korea or Washington state in the past two weeks there is a test available for you. If not, not unless you’ve been in contact with a confirmed case there is no test for you. The mismanagement of this fiasco is outstanding   They did say that the effort is changing everyday and it sounds like they know the outbreak is imminent. They did offer me a flu test   Also labcorp is selling tests for $300 I believe
NC courts are shit down for 30 days.    https://wlos.com/news/local/coronavirus-nc-courts-shut-down-30-days
When the drum circle cancelled, you know s\*\*\*'s real in Asheville.  &#x200B;  [https://twitter.com/CityofAsheville/status/1238531202384113664](https://twitter.com/CityofAsheville/status/1238531202384113664)
Hi everyone - what’s the protocol here? My best bud just got back from grieving his dad in Washington state. Now me, him and his sister all have sore throats and cough. I woke up this morning and my bed was totally soaked from sweat. I don’t feel too bad though. Any advice?  I’m going through a recent separation and I’m staying with my parents. Im worried sick for them what do I do?
The run on TP has begun. Just came from Ingles on Long Shoals and people were picking it clean. Are people converting them to homemade masks or something?
Who wants to bet trump has the corona? I saw some parts of the press conference yesterday and he looks worse than usual.  Get Pelosi in a bubble stat   https://www.reddit.com/r/CoronavirusUS/comments/f8a940/list_of_symptoms_and_onset_of_them/
[https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/12/asheville-following-county-declares-local-coronavirus-state-emergency/5035262002/?utm\_source=citizen-times-Daily%20Briefing&utm\_medium=email&utm\_campaign=daily\_briefing&utm\_term=hero](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/12/asheville-following-county-declares-local-coronavirus-state-emergency/5035262002/?utm_source=citizen-times-Daily%20Briefing&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=daily_briefing&utm_term=hero)  The only real news here is that meetings of over 250 people are cancelled--and that includes the Civic Center, so pretty much everything scheduled there won't be happening.
I’m not sure if this update is pertinent. But both my parents are having a bad case of “allergies”, as they describe it. My dads started yesterday and my moms today. My dad is also having stomach issues. I hope I’m being overly paranoid, but I want to at least document the signs. My fever has risen from 99.4 to 100.0. I would’ve been exposed to this Sunday evening between 6-8 pm. 3 or 4 days after my buddy passed through the Seattle airport. He feels 100% normal today. I’m stressing the need for him to get tested. I’m worried it’s here. Be safe  Let me add I feel totally fine other than sweats and  a weird feeling in my throat. It doesn’t even hurt really. Usually when I get a sore throat i feel like I can pinpoint the pain. That is not the case here.
[Covid-19 and the Biltmore](https://www.biltmore.com/coronavirus-covid-19-update/)
I’m wondering if asheville city schools is going to temporarily cancel classes or make spring break earlier like some other school districts in NC have done. Anyone have insight? I volunteer at a school once a week...haven’t heard anything from the organizers yet
Buying TP and H20 is Hurricane preparedness stuff.  Not virus stuff you silly monkeys.
All public library programs are cancelled indefinitely, all Orange Peel shows are cancelled/postponed through the end of the month, with several already postponed for April.
Science, not rumor. Washington Post article on COVID-19 infection risks and how to reduce them. A worthwhile read: [https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/coronavirus-can-stay-infectious-for-days-on-surfaces/2020/03/12/9b54a99e-6472-11ea-845d-e35b0234b136\_story.html](https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/coronavirus-can-stay-infectious-for-days-on-surfaces/2020/03/12/9b54a99e-6472-11ea-845d-e35b0234b136_story.html)
Rumor: Co-worker's spouse works at Mission and they say first confirmed Covid19 there.
Rumor: Co-worker's spouse's first cousin's girlfriend's grandfather's neighbor heard from his UPS guy that the FedEx guy heard there's a confirmed case here.  Just a rumor.
What if we all wore masks?  Looks like the Coronavirus is spreading in the State of North Carolina and it's impossible to know who has the virus and who doesn't.  I know the CDC says masks are ineffective to prevent catching the virus, but they do recommend that anyone infected wear them to help prevent infecting others. That's great, but we don't know who has the virus. Testing is not easy to get and some people are asymptomatic. If everyone wore a mask then everyone with the virus would, by definition, also be wearing a mask.  Given that most people don't know if they have the virus, shouldn't we all wear masks while we are out in public? No social stigma. Just an act of solidarity to take some control of this thing and be courteous to those who are vulnerable.  This, of course, depends on masks being available. Obviously, the US would need to step up mask production quite a bit to even allow this.
All those people raising chickens in their backyard.... Really not looking so dumb now.  Urban prepping for pandemic.
So what are y'all doing for prep? I've got a shit ton of rice and beans, a water filter and an extra full tank of propane for if the electricity is cut.
Lots of helicopters flying over my house tonight
The NC Dept of Health and Human Services website has good information on the spread of the virus in NC. This site does not, however, identify cases in SC, TN or VA cases that may also be close to Asheville.  https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc
Total of cases in NC now 23  23 coronavirus cases now confirmed in North Carolina https://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/0OQojcb0?s=i4&pd=02Z3Px4V
heard today that MAHEC has a confirmed case, heard yesterday that Mission had one confirmed. all rumors.
Asheville has an economy based on tourism and rich retirees buying real estate. I'd say you all are about to be pretty fucked shortly.
There's a Facebook group dedicated to covering Coronavirus developments in Asheville and WNC. Please consider joining us.   [https://www.facebook.com/groups/525328818187141/](https://www.facebook.com/groups/525328818187141/)
Hysterical
1\] MASKS WORK!  2\] "Just Wash Your Hands" isn't enough.     **The reason the masks are important?**      **We’re learning that the virus** [**can potentially stay alive in the air for up to three hours**](https://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/487110-tests-indicate-coronavirus-can-survive-in-the-air)**… which explains why it’s so incredibly, unbelievably contagious.**  The good news is there’s a lot of interesting -- and easy to scale -- innovation happening behind the scenes on that front with both [copper](https://www.jpost.com/HEALTH-SCIENCE/Amid-pandemic-panic-infused-cotton-can-beat-corona-and-staph-infections-618998) and [table salt](https://www.businessinsider.com/mask-coated-in-salt-neutralizes-viruses-like-coronavirus-2020-2).  That's right.  Masks soaked in SALT are killing the virus on contact.  I’ve talked to a couple of entrepreneurs actively exploring this in the U.S.  I'm interested in figuring out how to scale this up to supernova ASAP... and supply enough for everyone in Asheville.  Don't know where to begin, but it's possible.
So they can self quarantine...not run out and have to go back out in public to the store. Not my thing, but that’s their rationale.
This is insane. There have to be more new cases every day in the US now than South Korea, China, or Japan.
SHIT.
Well at least some good will come out of all of this.
Separate yourself as much as possible. Sanitize everything once, and then again after every cough/sneeze/fart.  If you haven't been out of the Country, or in direct contact with an international traveler, you will not get a test and you'll likely just get the runaround.   Basically, take excellent care of yourself and good luck to you.
Call your PCP or the health department. Don't go to the doctor or the hospital unless you have to, and if you do call ahead. If you meet criteria for testing they can help arrange it. The testing criteria will change over time, so not meeting criteria today doesn't mean you won't meet it tomorrow.  Sleep in a separate room, use a separate bathroom, wear a mask all the time. the point of the mask is to stop dropplets, it doesn't have to be a fancy n95. Bandana if that's all you have. Have them clean surfaces three times a day. Isolate yourself in your room as much as possible. It's not super-infectious like measles. It's spread by large dropplets and surface fomites. In most cases it won't live in the air. Just try to be very clean.  Normal viral self care: Tylenol and ibuprofen, fluids. Food is not critical just as much as you can manage. If you have access to an outdoor area away from people a few easy walks a day.
Out-of-the-loop.  WTF is up with the toilet paper?  If it was masks, wouldn't kleenex (can't think what to call them except by the brand) be better?
What I heard, and it’s most likely bull shit, is that ships aren’t able to drop off goods at port so there’s shortages in stuff like TP. LIKE I SAID. PROBABLY BULL SHIT.
I heard an interview with Tony Baldwin, the superintendent, yesterday and he said that they're preparing to send all students home with laptops and tablets on Monday and troubleshoot for students that don't have internet at home. I suspect that once that plan is in place, they'll make a definite decision about when to shut down.
Good read. Thank you.
No confirmed cases thus far
So, I heard it from a person from Reddit who heard it from a co-worker who heard it from their wife who probably heard it from someone else at Mission.   This isn't intended as a personal attack, but spreading unofficial information is a really damaging issue when it comes to stuff like this.  I would hold off on unofficial sources of information during this crisis.    We need to all work together to quell the spread of panic as much as we are trying to reduce the spread of illness.
My MEDICAL SOCIAL WORKER fried who WORKS AT MISSION says they don't even have any tests there so... Yeah...
My partners coworkers brothers dogs-prevoius-owners reiki therapist verified this.
If there were enough to go around than yeah that isn't a bad idea. Really you can use a bandana for that but people might think you are some kind of outlaw cowboy.
Masks work. Absolutely. They help slow the spread. Hong Kong and other places prove this. The bullshit macho culture in the US and the "me-first" attitude prevents 99% of the population from recognizing that social responsibility is a good thing. I have reusable masks from when I lived in Japan. I will start wearing them today.
> Post all of your Corona Virus info, rumors, and memes here in this thread. We'll periodically refresh / renew the megathread so that the latest news is easily accessible. From here on out, all other related posts will be deleted. Thank you for your contributions to the community!
I didn't see that (on phone). 5 were being screened, one tested.   I have a source but will wait until it's public.
Too many heads in the sand.      Posted something about masks and the virus being airborne (it is), both backed up by science (with links from credible sources) and it got deleted.      Classy!
Don't see electric or water being cut. They'll get them Hazmat suits before either goes out. Got two weeks canned and dry goods, extra tank of gas and a 12 of beer.
I was at Publix on Wednesday and rice was low but no worse than I've seen it before, looked like a truck day or something. Everything else was fine. Granted, things are changing fast as hell right now, but other than the couple of obvious things everything seems fine.
Ingles had everything I needed tonight
No confirmed cases at Mission
Is MAHEC actually testing? Maybe I don't know enough about that facility but I wouldn't have thought so.
I have a friend who works at Mahec who said they're currently setting up a floor to be used for quarantine, and that folks there are saying four confirmed cases at mission. Schools are going to be closed as well.
But think of all the extra TP we will have if the tourists stay away.
But the rich retirees buying real estate doesn't drive money back into the local economy and inflated home prices for people who do work here. They can stay away 🤷‍♀️
But then I'd be on Facebook.
Facebook is toxic, stick to reddit.
Just checked it out. I hope it gets more locked down. The asshattery made me have to close it fairly quickly.
Are there minion memes?
Right but one big thing of TP lasts me several weeks even with two kids so what's with the need to hoard multiples?
Meanwhile you can just order groceries to your porch, including toilet paper, without human contact.
Yeah I thought the typo was kinda funny. So I just left it.    Now we know where all the TP went!
Okay so I just found the health department health line. I also left a message with Mahec on their hotline.   If anyone is interested the health departments hotline # is (828)250-5300
It would be nice to know if I was infected. Like I said I don’t really feel bad, it would just be cool to know if I could leave the house.
Tissues.
I’m not doing it - but others that are have told me it’s so they are stockpiled and don’t have to go back out in public/to the store. Self quarantine
Supply chains *are* getting disrupted.   And, as this virus spreads, it will get worse.       Exponential growth is hard to combat (and even comprehend). Let alone the second, third, fourth (and on) order effects.       This isn't going away. 60 - 90 days, at least. Look at Italy.      Fortunately, Asheville loves local. And we have a lot of ingenuity and creative energy.      Everyone's going to be forced to love it even more.
They received a text from their spouse this afternoon stating they had a confirmed case. That's all I know
I'm sure the rumor mill is dialed up to 11 at any hospitals.
Yesterday, I was reading the Asian recommendations for preventing the spread of the virus and they were almost exactly the same as ours with one big exception.  The Asian experts and officials all strongly recommend everyone wear a mask.   Are our medical experts and health care officials all right and the Asian's wrong?  They both can't be right.
It didn't get deleted, it got sufficiently downvoted that it got partially hidden requiring that one click on the "+" sign next to the post in order to view it and responses to it.    My guess is that the negative reaction was more to the tone, and the use of CAPS and such.  If you had introduced things a bit more calmly and explained your point rather than shouting it, the reaction may have been different.
Three weeks ago I bought a cartful of cleaning products, hand sanitizers, and hygiene products. The checkout lady looked at me like I was crazy. Today I was back in the store to pick up ice-cream, beer, and all the other "essentials" I hope will keep me out of the grocery store for the next two weeks, and it's like the snowpocalypse in every aisle. Who's paranoid now, Debbie? Who's paranoid now?
For most intents and purposes MAHEC and mission are one and the same....  if you are a MAHEC patient and walk into a MAHEC doc office you can be referred to mission where you will be seen by a MAHEC doc.   I have also heard the rumors of multiple covid cases since wed. My guess is the 4-5 day wait for test is why it hasn't been confirmed.
This tourist is arriving tomorrow exclusively for your toilet paper. I don’t care about delicious food or beers. I don’t give a damn about your ladies with wolf dogs. Just that sweet TP.
Sure it does! Your real estate agents, title clerks, real estate attorneys, clerk of courts, construction workers, equipment sales, material sales, furniture sales, HVAC repair, electricians, are all local. As are the grocery stores, gas stations, restaurants and bars with all of their associated staffs and suppliers. You think the wealthy retirees that choose Asheville live in a bubble disconnected from your local economy? That's insane and inaccurate.
It's a phone book and contact list  But their upcoming events is not bad if you stick to liking and following what you want.  Yes the rest tends to be a shit show
We're getting more mods in place.
I lol'd
Everyone else is doing it.  Herd mentality
You must be male.
Again, not my thing - I’m with you!
And remember, it is normal cold and flu season. You could have anything. Covid19 is like a bad influenza, it's not highly deadly like Ebola or MERS. It's reasonable to take thoughtful precautions, but in the end everything is likely to be okay. Good luck!
Jokes on them, I have a $20 bidet:   https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003TPGPUW/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_-9RAEbSK76EV8
For 2 weeks which is less than a quarter roll for me. Last I checked Diarrhea wasn't part of the symptoms.
Still on the damned phone.
I love you.
*meta*
You do realize the median home sale price is 6 times higher than the median household income?
It's very frustrating
Hoard mentality.
Correct there, but do most women really go through over a roll a day?
That's sort of true. It's not an influenza, but it's also not as bad as Ebola or MERS. The big difference is that Ebola contains itself by being too fatal and MERS was successfully quarantined before it spread. The big difference with COVID19 is that its infectious before you show symptoms, and the mortality rate increases pretty dramatically the older the population.     The reason to be extra cautious is because the long-tail risk is much worse: if you've got the flu and spread it, the chance of an at-risk person contracting it and coming down with fatal or near-fatal symptoms is no different than any other year. If its COVID19, your experience of it might not be much different, but the mortality rate for infected at-risk populations is much higher.    No one should panic, and you're right about thoughtful precautions, but it's important not to downplay the severity of the situation. At least, not in the early stages of it entering a region.
That’s the thing. I don’t feel that bad. I just know there is only one way to stop this and it’s not to spread it.
Wonder why you’re getting downvoted for this.
Jokes on you, I've got a $10 garden hose:  https://www.lowes.com/pd/FLEXON-5-8-in-X-50-ft-Light-Duty-Green-Garden-Hose/1000168209?cm_mmc=shp-_-c-_-prd-_-sol-_-google-_-lia-_--_-watering-_-1000168209-_-0&store_code=526&placeholder=null&gclsrc=aw.ds&&gclid=Cj0KCQjwu6fzBRC6ARIsAJUwa2TH6ghpDTXCnccjftr1_wI5k88NLKeTSw3zYdeTzgUZCoxGr7E-onkaAjtuEALw_wcB
I have the bidets as well, but you still need to dry off.
I’m with you, like I said...I’m not a stockpiler! Or much of a shitter apparently 😂
Apparently it is being reported that it is one of the early symptoms and includes nausea.
I love you both
Most people in Asheville work in the industries that service tourism. Service industry work is among the lowest paying. At the same time it's a region that is very popular with wealthy retirees who bid up real estate values. This disparity isn't surprising at all.      Ashevilles economy is a one trick pony. If you had a diverse base of industry outside of tourism your average wage would be much higher. It's a beautiful place to visit for a weekend, not a great place to do business therefor you have few businesses outside of tourism and very little opportunity for higher wages.
They probably think I'm being like Fox news and downplaying, which I'm not. Covid is 10 times as deadly as the flu. It's going to overload our hospital systems and ventilator supplies. But it's killing 0.6% to 4% of people, depending on how you want to believe the numbers, not 50-80%.
Jokes on you, I can spit like a camel.  ...sorry, no link. :T
My ass adores it. I'm also ok with a freezing cold stream of high pressure H2O going into my rectum, so take my opinion as you will.
I've been using one for about 7 years.  I absolutely hate using public toilets without a bidet because I never feel clean.  I will hold it until I get home to use my bidet.    I tell people I have one and they laugh at me.  But everyone I have convinced to try it, they instantly converted.  It's a huge difference.    I tell people it's like taking a mini shower in the middle of the day.
they are amazing.  You ever clean peanut butter out of shag carpet?
Hair dryer.
Mine has a seat heater, heated water reservoir, and hot air blowers.   It is glorious.
WHO better update their description or ya heard wrong bud.  "Common signs of infection include respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath and breathing difficulties. In more severe cases, infection can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure and even death. "  https://www.who.int/health-topics/coronavirus
We should all hang out once the virus is gone.
4% is huge dude.
Even posts that aren’t downplaying it are getting downvoted. Just calling for calm and critical thinking don’t seem to be very popular here.
pics or it didn't happen
11/10 imagery.
Wonderful, that’s the first time I’ve literally “lol’d” in a long time. Well done.
You're comparing your anus to a shag carpet?
Can I be your roommate?
Fancy shmanzy in the mountains on N.C. where everyone else still thinks we have outhouses.
"Far better it is to have a stout heart always and suffer one’s share of evils, than to be ever fearing what may happen." Good luck to you and yours.
I don’t know how to link on mobile.  Just Bing “camel spitting!”
I once found a colony of lemurs living in the bush down there.  Bidet flooded them right out.

COVID-19: Health and Safety Update at Biltmore Estate

Still open! How long do you think this will last? How much money must it cost to keep that place open?
Hi! We have a megathread set up for all virus news, could you please move your link there? Thanks!
How long will schools still be open?
Sure

Covid 19 Megathread #2
Post all of your Corona Virus info, rumors, and memes here in this thread.We'll periodically refresh / renew the megathread so that the latest news is easily accessible. From here on out, all other related posts will be deleted (except Senator Jackson's). Thank you all for keeping us up to date!
My buddies dad just came down with a 102 fever and body aches. I also know of a teacher who came down with flu like symptoms. None are confirmed corvid cases. Even if they get the test they won’t know for 5 days. All I’m saying is be careful guys. This is an exponential virus. It wouldn’t be that crazy if it’s already around  [just look at the spread. it grows at an exponential rate everyday ](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)  there is no other way to spin it. Hide yo kids, hide yo wife
All Schools shut down now.  https://www.neusenews.com/index/2020/3/14/governor-cooper-orders-closure-of-public-schools-for-two-weeks
Just saw that there is a confirmed case in Watauga County now. Any day now it'll be confirmed here in Buncombe.  Also mod(s) - you may want to sort this sticky to new by default. With it as best right now it makes finding new posts a bit more difficult.
Just went to Ingles at tunnel road (12 pm) and it had plenty of stuff. No hand sanitizer, but some toilet paper and otherwise almost normally stocked.
I'm starting to feel very angry that all official recommendations for stopping the spread of the virus are completely ignoring the issue of restaurants and bars.   We know to avoid large groups of people, but there's not a large *scale of difference* between 150 people in a concert hall for a short period and 150 people in a restaurant over the course of a day's operations.    Many of those people have used the same door handles, furniture, pens, and myriad other surfaces that are impractical to sanitize regularly, no matter how mindful and diligent the staff are about cleaning tables and glassware/tableware through the day.  And frankly, there's plenty of people out there who are neither mindful or diligent, and you can check out some of the horror stories for yourself at r/talesfromyourserver where many people are in tears because their employers are contemptuously dismissive of the threat.     If the CDC hadn't denied WHO test kits in favor of letting private US companies create a lucrative testing kit market of their own (which took a long time because their first attempts failed), we'd have enough tests available that we could shut down these businesses for a month, have all potential cases screened, and stop the spread of the virus.  Instead, we're weeks away from having (expensive) tests available, and all these restaurants are going to stay open as long as they can.  Official case numbers will continue to lag because so few people are being tested, and during that period of seeming continued normalcy, these businesses will feel justified in staying open.    And they will continue to operate as vectors of the virus as it spreads through the untested population.   And it will spike hard in the coming months. And the media narrative will continue to blame the workers themselves, while the GOP blocks attempts to provide funds that support the workers who were financially unable to survive the month-long shut down we *should have taken*, nevermind the *several-month* shutdown we'll eventually experience.  $800 billion for private industries (likely to be a monthly recurring thing), and $0 for waylaid workers.  If we had real leadership instead of a criminal syndicate of monied interests, we could prevent a lot of disease spreading by closing restaurants and bars for a month, providing unemployment insurance or UBI, removing work requirements for assistance programs, declaring a hiatus on rent and mortage payments, evictions, and utility shutoffs for nonpayment.  Instead, we have a whole industry playing chicken with the health of its workers and the public, because capitalism requires they do so or starve and face eviction.
The The first drive-thru test clinic for novel coronavirus in Asheville is up and running right now in East Asheville outside SONA Pharmacy and clinic. See Jason Sandford's tweet thread for more: [https://twitter.com/Ashevegas/status/1239279754768982016](https://twitter.com/Ashevegas/status/1239279754768982016)
Interest rate slashed to zero!!! Holy fuck what a joke this administration is. You gotta be fucking kidding me. This is a disaster and all the policies are financially driven. Please vote   Link to live press conf  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFBxhOwQz1I
Im confused. I read articles about the limited numbers of hospital beds versus the numbers we may need, same with respirators and so on.   Article after article very specifically pointing out, based on other countries experiences,statistics & documented research on this virus, this barrel of the gun we are looking down. We know there are not enough test kits and the virus has probably spread further than documented. We are looking at the possibility of a crisis beyond what many of us have ever experienced in our lifetimes. In my mind it would seem that we should be shutting down all non essential services and be preparing to bolster in all ways possible the essential services. Everyone should be isolating as much as possible.  Id like to see less Reaction from city and county, state governments and more proactively telling people to prepare & isolate. I am not advocating panic or overreaction. This is a big deal and we need to treat it as such. It is completely different from the seasonal flu. Take care each and every one of you.
A person I know that works for Buncombe    County Schools said that they’ve been told that the kids won’t be going to school Monday. Always possible that they’re passing on rumors though.  Regardless, it would be wise to figure out child care if you still have to go into work.
I posted this at the end of CM #1  Bringing it back up.  Science, not rumor. How covid-19 infections occur. Worth a read, from the Washington Post: [https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/coronavirus-can-stay-infectious-for-days-on-surfaces/2020/03/12/9b54a99e-6472-11ea-845d-e35b0234b136\_story.html](https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/coronavirus-can-stay-infectious-for-days-on-surfaces/2020/03/12/9b54a99e-6472-11ea-845d-e35b0234b136_story.html)
I've been self-quarantined since the Sunday before last. This Tuesday the health department instructed me to self-quarentine for 14 days, that bc I haven't traveled I don't qualify for testing, and to only call 911 if I have difficulty breathing. I'm fairly hermit-ish, at this point AVL must be steeped.
The Basilica of St. Lawrence downtown is closed to the public until further notice, including parishoners.   All Asheville Catholic churches have cancelled all events, including masses and sacraments.
First death in va so that means it’s been up there for at least 10 days. We swung and missed on this one
Live data representation of the spread across the country. Keep in mind there are limited tests. [Live outbreak map](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)
FWIW I just ran down to Sona Pharmacy on Fairview Rd. to pick up the old heart meds. They're in the process of putting up a testing tent in the parking lot. No firm date on when testing is going to start.
Was at target on Airport Road and saw that they still have plenty of tp/cleaning supplies in case people having trouble finding them
All NC schools are officially closed for two weeks
Live data representation of the spread across the country. Keep in mind there are limited tests. [outbreak map ](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)
China built hospitals in 10 days  The 9th and 10th floor of the saint Joe's campus is a ghost town.  Are these being prepared and clean just in case?
Ingles knows what's up.  https://imgur.com/a/oEZ8ESO
Asheville's dogs will be happier and happier and we get closer to legit home based self-quarantine.
full lockdown please...  how are we not doing anything yet?
Hey y’all! If you’re a public educator in ACS or BCS, please fill out this form today! ACAE is taking it to superintendents today!   https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe3_yxD9qW_KPhWuN4DtKt0lxseGiIbl3z-3Gzk0bNUvjxLjg/viewform?fbclid=IwAR2MNI95mmsbSoWb7N2geq1euGIqfwafEPzZU6St0zhL2nAIWf3rsirDYVc
Rumor: I have a buddy that lives in Wilkesboro. His brother works at the Tyson chicken factory there. He said they sent 200 sick employees home yesterday. Can’t find a source to confirm
My daughter’s Montessori school, which so far this year has cancelled several (5+) school days for a stray snowflake in 40 degree weather—is open tomorrow in the face of a global pandemic. 🤯
https://wlos.com/news/local/biltmore-suspends-operations-in-selected-locations-amid-coronavirus-concerns
What do you all think the chances are of AVL being untouched? I’m surprised there are no announced cases yet.
Dunno about AVL but roads in fairview are eerily empty. The sort of light traffic you'd expect early on christmas day or late thanksgiving eve.  Its weird.
Hot take: Incoming lockdown Monday night or Tuesday morning. With pence meeting with the governors, “our” president not being able to get through the blue door today, and him finally getting tested. He has that shit and it’s no longer political for him. They closed flights to uk and Ireland. They’re now denying high risk sick international traveler tests. We are past containment and now into the delay stage. Hang on we’re in for a total shift of lifestyle  If you gotta get out of state I suggest you start making plans immediately.
Biltmore House will be shutting down as of Tuesday untill the end of March.  https://www.biltmore.com/coronavirus-covid-19-update/
Walgreens on Merrimon has TP (as of yesterday evening).   Samson Pharmaceuticals has hand sanitizer in stock. Shipping to Asheville should take 2-5 days.
In case you didn't see it yet, the drum circle is cancelled.
Does Misson or Buncombe County have any tents ready for whenever the ICU fills up?
Depressing news: the confirmed cases number is at least considerably, if not wildly, on the low side due to lack of testing.   When/if we get to a decent level of testing, expect the number to jump a lot.   If you voted for trump, this is at least partly your fault.
Oh, their banner says that. The actual link has their proper protocol.  So, just to be clear, the House itself is closing on Tuesday, as well as the Downton Abbey exhibit at the Amherst building. You can still access the property as a pass holder or purchase a $25 ticket to view the gardens and Antler Hill Village.
There is a large North Carolina community: r/coronanc
Per Starbucks barista who informed me all seating in Asheville SB Cafe's are closed, there is a confirmed case at Mission Hospital
If I were a betting man I would put $1000 down saying I've encountered it already by being in proximity to someone with no symptoms yet.
> 102 fever  Although high fever *is* one of the symptoms of COVID-19, there are other symptoms.  And fever can be attributable to other things.
>five dayd  Meanwhile, s korea has two hour turnarounds...
My roommate want to go on a date today! I was like 'Ok, but no smooching!' but she wants to make out if she's feeling it. Oh well....
Ingles in N AVL seemed relatively normal last night. Not sure about TP, but everything else was in stock.
I agree with your comments and position. Trying to survive, local restaurants are ramped up for home delivery through various services. Leave it at your door. Vinnie's sent out a long detailed email as to what they are doing to heighten sanitizing, including frequent sanitizing of surfaces you mentioned. Also, you can call in an order and get curbside pickup. Just an occasional customer's comment. Will not replace a normal day for them, but better than total loss.
I wish I had more than one upvote to give. I commented on another thread, but I work at a restaurant in town and we are still incredibly busy. I have been so angry at all of our guests, wondering wtf they think they are doing. It's dangerous to themselves and others. So many of the people are clearly 60+ and I just can't understand why they would risk it. I've pretty much resigned to the fact that me and likely our whole staff will get COVID-19 before it's all said and done. One staff member already called out sick with a fever. Although until tests come in everything will carry on because there will be no official proof.
$250 a test fyi
I work at a restaurant in town and I feel very conflicted. Mainly because I know I'm going to be really hurting for money in the coming months, so I need all I can get now. On the other hand I am incredibly frustrated at all of the people who are coming in to my work. I work at a very busy restaurant in town, and our business hasn't died off at all. We have been incredibly busy. I just want to scream at everyone WTF ARE YOU GUYS DOING GO HOME. And I can't do anything because if I don't come in I lose my job. Idk what to do but people need to relay the message that you should not be going out to eat. Because I can guarentee we won't shut our doors until we are made to.
Governor just ordered all schools k-12 to be closed for two weeks starting Monday.
Good article, thanks.
I've been self quarantined for decades. I just don't like people that much.
If you didn’t travel where do they think you were exposed?
They must have restocked! I was there two nights ago and the tp aisle was completely bare!
Apparently, I can only sticky mod comments, so I've copied and pasted your comment in order to sticky it to the top. Thanks for sharing this info!
I work in an office with doctors who round at mission, they claim that is the plan if we get cases!
It collapsed too!
I hear you, what is your suggestion to do it differently?
For how much though?
I was just commenting on this same thing to my husband! So many happy pets.
This survey unfortunately displays the emails of respondents, when anonymity might be quite important for a lot of these people.
What were the ratings supposed to signify for the first two questions?
Sounds like conjecture but please update when/if you get more info
YIKES please do not send your daughter to school
Interesting that the winery will stay open. That was the most densely packed area when I have visited.
There is absolutely 0 chance of Asheville "being untouched". There are no announced cases because there are no tests.  As recently as 2 days ago, Mecklenberg County had 3 tests total. Three. As the saying goes, "Can't have confirmed cases if you're not testing!"
We will have confirmed cases as soon as we have tests.
There were some folks checked, but with all of the visitors this city gets, someone will bring it here.
Being a city whose main source of income comes from tourism I would say 100%. There will not be a city untouched though regardless.
They're pretty normal now.
Yes, it's called Sunday!
What does "get through the blue door" mean?
yes, I've seen this hot take in other fora, and from people who I trust who aren't generally tinfoil  hat types...it sounds crazy, but you might as well be prepared. it does sound like it's coming, and that's what they're doing now in France and Spain as well as Greece and italy.  if you're not prepared already, you have a little time. use it.
And y’all call Alex Jones crazy
That link says they’re open??
> drum circle is cancelled       <0_o>
While I agree, now isn't the time to point fingers. Instead open the dialogue to the ideas that failed and why they did. Blame leads to defensive nature, and no progress will come from this.
Knock it off with the "I heard".  If it's real you can name the source.
Heard from?
None in western NC confirmed... https://www.ncdhhs.gov/covid-19-case-count-nc
🧐
Told y'all XD
Sure it can.  So can the other symptoms of cough, headache, diarrhea, muscle pains, and sore throat.  Which is why it can spread easily among people not recognizing the scale of the threat who shrug off the symptoms as mild and "probably just something else".  If you're sick at all, stay home.
Sure, but there’s also a pandemic wiping out 1000s if people
Maybe after the initial rush of people buying non perishable goods, the stores restocked and it slowed down. Those who cared purchased what they needed. Plus stores now have limits on TP. Asheville doesn’t seem to have the panic mode of other cities beyond the Great TP Shortage of 2020. I’ve always distrusted hand sanitizer (because overreliance on it decreases germ resistance in the general population ) but now I’m wishing I had a bottle or two.  ETA: I was wrong about most hand sanitizer. Only those containing triclosan are of concern in bacterial resistance. Most, like Purell are fine.
 Here's the thing:  most of us WILL get the virus before it's all over, which is why we need to shut down unnecessary public spaces NOW.  The task before us now is to ensure that the spread happens over a longer period of time so that the 10-20% of cases that require hospitalization don't happen in a short period of time and overwhelm the system's capacity, resulting in people dying from a lack of respirators.    If you're feeling (justifiable) anger towards the guests, it may be time to talk to your employer about public health and encourage them to close shop at least until we have widespread testing and public awareness shifts.  Remember, not everyone is seeking out information and discussion or putting thought into analyzing data for themselves.  You can have a huge impact on public health by educating those around you.
Based on how everything is going I assumed it was true. Thanks for confirming.
Obviously there is community spread. I literally have not gone further out than two miles from my house. I interact with very few individuals though I did have a freelance client that had traveled to Jamaica a few weeks ago.
The building that collapsed was a hotel they were using, not one of the new hospitals.
Add important info/links to the main header description. And go to r/TheHotSpot for shitposting
You have a tough situation, but a much needed one. Consider having sub-sections, such as  Verified public Information, only with links to sources  Possible resources: Based on personal experiences, or first hand observation  Personal opinions,rumors   My .02 thoughts. This would require mods to sort out posts and redirect, such as with "Moving to or Visiting Avl"  Much thanks. I think of these Megathreads as essential now.
Twenty two hundred pennies
I was able to take it in an incognito window not linked to any emails. The last question is optional. Governor Cooper is holding a press conference at 4:30 though so it might not matter anyway
I won’t. Just blown away that they cancel for a few snowflakes but in the face of a communicable super virus, we must soldier on.
Have you met my friend Dollar Bill?
Friend with a fever for a week and breathing problems got sent home twice from her Dr, no test. Found out today she was at a meeting with a coworker that was in DC & had strong flu like symptoms come on. It’s already here & has been for weeks.
Waiting results on those checked. That’s the problem with this there is no transparency between health professionals, governments, media and us. It’s all just rumors up until we have a whistleblower blow the lid off this thing
Not a normal one
He made a very brief appearance saying he took his temperature, a test and then quickly left behind a blue door. He was wearing a USA hat pretty low. Lemme see if I can link a pic  https://i.imgur.com/FLAmPOb.jpg
Nothing anyone else says nor does would make Alex Jones not crazy.
This is exactly the time to point fingers.  He's still fucking this up in a major way.
True, but the flu has already killed between 22,000 - 55,000 people this year and we're not even batting an eye.  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/preliminary-in-season-estimates.htm
No problem! I also had a feeling it was true lol and then I saw the update on the WLOS app
Word, that makes sense. I can start updating the main header when I can!
Perhaps this survey helped shut the schools:  https://www.neusenews.com/index/2020/3/14/governor-cooper-orders-closure-of-public-schools-for-two-weeks
Sorry to hear that your friend is ill. Hope she’s going to be ok.
It doesn't mean anything until we can get the tests to verify who actually has what.
How are you and your parents feeling today?
I didn’t say it would, just that there’s a level of the same tomfoolery present in speculating wildly that the president has the virus (which he has since tested negative for).
Cdc estimates between 200,000-1.7 million deaths from the corona virus. We have vaccines for flu, not for this. It’s crazy that we are arguing about this right now. We don’t declare national emergencies over the flu. We don’t see the flu infection rate doubling every 2 days. We are in the midst of a pandemic that will utterly destroy our health care system.  Let’s be serious. The only reason we test for flu first is because we don’t have the tests. We’ve already lost the continental United States. The next step is mitigating it and taking away your “freedoms” for a while
I think at this point tests are futile. The time for tests was when it was spreading across the nation so we would’ve been aware of the spread. Now, because of lack of tests, we have little dots(cases) spread all over the United States. If we know one thing about how this virus incubates and spreads it’s that there is never an isolated case.
Dry cough, could be that time of the year, but who knows. At least they’re now aware of the severity of it. I feel bad for their generation because they have no idea how many friends they’re gonna lose. It’s absolutely awful  The mainstream media has failed at conveying the severity of the outbreak. Just tonight on abc news they said young people don’t  contract it. That’s just bullshit, dangerous journalism  At least on Reddit we’ve seen the outbreak develop because it’s unfiltered news. My parents generation of news is totally driven by money. It’s crazy how not once in a news broadcast tonight did they show a map of the United States with dots and densities of confirmed outbreaks. You see that map, connect it with test shortages(which they are covering) and you’re like, “holy shit I need to stay inside”. And that’s the only way to stop this thing, and unfortunately we might be a little late to the game
>	which he has since tested negative for  You believe what him and his doctor say ya? Trump is just trying to save face with the economy right now. I wouldn’t be surprised if we see him slowly fade behind a curtain in the next few days with no explanation. But that’s just like my opinion man
> We don’t see the flu infection rate doubling every 2 days.  Neither is the "infection rate" doubling for COVID-19 every 2 days.  R0 for COVID-19 is approximately 2-2.5.  Sure, the numbers of infected /people/ are rising quickly.  If R0 was doubling every 2 days, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
I'm probably in their generation. It's incredibly stressful. I was going to make one last trip out tomorrow to Home depot to get supplies so I can do yard work, but it just isn't worth it.
In Iran when there was no containment, like what’s going on here. I think R0 was 1.1. A lot of cases are going undocumented. I wouldn’t be surprised if we have cases in the 100’d of thousands in the United States. We probably have more people infected than tests available. The flu is not of great concern right now

Interested in a day trip to Asheville. Is everything closed from COVID-19?

I moved away from Asheville because the city is overrun with tourists. It made being able to enjoy the city very difficult because many people go to Asheville and don’t care about the city, so they don’t treat it with the respect that it deserves. The virus is spreading very quickly. I don’t know where you and your friends live, but I think that it would be better for you to not take a trip to Asheville out of respect for people that actually do live there. Visiting places like Asheville is just going to put more people at risk for getting sick. So please stay home wherever you are, and if you need to get out do it in your own hometown and not others.
Hi! Since your post is in reference to your visit to Asheville, the Visiting Thread would be the best place for your question. There is also the megathread for COVID-19 where you could get your question answered as well. Both threads will come down tonight and new ones will pop in the morning if you want to wait to ask or ask twice. Thanks!

COVID-19 Megathread Day 3
Post all of your Corona Virus info here in this thread.We'll periodically refresh / renew the megathread so that the latest news is easily accessible. From here on out, all other COVID posts will be deleted (except Senator Jackson's).At the request of some in the community, I'm going to do my best to put important information here in the text body, but please continue to read through the comments. For the sake of trying to keep confirmed and important information at the forefront, I'll be deleting any jokes or unconfirmed rumors from this thread. Please take that on over the /r/thehotspot.[First confirmed case in Buncombe/ Macon County. ](https://wlos.com/news/local/one-case-of-coronavirus-confirmed-in-macon-county-33-positive-cases-in-nc-so-far)[Day 2 megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fikqn2/covid_19_megathread_2/)[Live map tracker of confirmed cases](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)[https://www.reddit.com/r/CoronaNC/](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoronaNC/)[Local restaurants giving away free food for students](https://wlos.com/news/local/amid-coronavirus-school-closures-local-restaurants-step-in-to-feed-students)Thank you all for keeping us up to date!
How long will we continue the half measures? Seems silly that it’s so evident the direction in which we’re headed and the lack of understanding from regulatory bodies that people will continue to be dumbasses until you take a hard stance on things (i.e mandatory quarantine.)
First confirmed case of a visitor to Buncombe County. They are a NYS Resident and currently quarantined in Macon County.  https://wlos.com/news/local/one-case-of-coronavirus-confirmed-in-macon-county-33-positive-cases-in-nc-so-far  https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18541 - This site is being hammered so just give it some time.
Common question I see, “Are we overreacting?”  Please read this...  COVID-19 compared to Spanish Flu compared to Seasonal Flu  Spanish Flu of 1918 infected 27% of the population. The death toll is estimated to have been anywhere from 17 million, to 50 million, and possibly as high as 100 million, making it one of the deadliest epidemics in human history.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_flu  If COVID-19 has a similar infection rate the impact on America’s population of 327,200,000 would be 88,344,000 infected people and at a 3% mortality rate that would be 2,650,320 deaths.   For comparison, the annual death from the modern day seasonal flu at its worse is 61,000 annually.  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/index.html  If we do not flatten the curve our entire medical establishment is going to collapse under the pressure. Stay home!!!
So, my partner got laid off from her service industry job today.  I'm expecting to experience the same in the coming days or weeks.  Anyone have any tips for dealing with the DES?  I imagine they're going to be swamped in the near future.  Also, looks like the max payout is $350/week, so good luck to anyone who lives and works downtown.
Stay the fuck home
This just in from AshVegas: Buncombe County health officials have asked restaurants and bars to limit service to take-out and delivery only; all other local businesses have also been asked to consider limiting what they to to help keep people apart and enforce "social distancing.
Brightside, at the very least, Citizen Times took down their paywall
And, it's here. Or, to be more exact, it's been here.  [https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/16/coronavirus-buncombe-county-wnc-confirms-covid-19-positive-macon-county-asheville/5058530002/](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/16/coronavirus-buncombe-county-wnc-confirms-covid-19-positive-macon-county-asheville/5058530002/)
Takeout Central is recommending going to restaurants and bars if you’re young and not showing symptoms. https://i.imgur.com/NcIyQ2g.jpg this is from the email i just got from them.
My husband works at Spartanburg Regional, in a non-essential role that he could easily do from home, and they made him go in to work. Unreal.
Biltmore needs to completely close and make a pubic announcement to help discourage visitors
This is not about the fear of the world pandemic COVID-19 (Coronavirus). This is about the fear of payment/jobs.  The trend that I'm seeing this go in is that a lot of businesses in or around Asheville, NC or either closing or slowing down production. The fear I'm hearing from people right now is losing, not the jobs they have but, the hours necessary to be able to afford necessities (food, water, electricity, etc.). I am 25 years old and recently bought a house. I'm not afraid for COVID-19, what scares me is that I came into work today and heard that my wife's job and my job are drasticly cutting hours due to slow time caused by COVID-19.  What is the plan for people that pay rent or a mortgage, have student loans or car loans, what are the governers and/or seneator of NC/Asheville doing or going to do to help the people who are losing not only a source of income but a humane thing for the life of countless people to drastically change because of a by product of a world pandemic?
Nurses at mission hospital are overworked now and that’s before a pandemic. Hope it doesn’t get bad here otherwise our health system is in trouble
Man with corona visited bens tune up, foggy mountain, high five, and yacht club. Last Thursday.
Will the Asheville airport start screening everyone who comes through TSA? What about the workers?  What about the restaurant in the airport? Will they close? Switch to take out only?   How will they control this chaos?
What information is available right now about the drive through testing at Sona? What are the requirements to be tested? Are they charging or billing insurance or is it free yet? Sorry for all the questions. I've been having symptoms since Friday but have not qualified for testing due to lack of travel.
All Asheville hotels should be ordered to shut down except for those who need a place to stay while performing essential duties. Seeing a lot of tourists downtown taking pictures and acting like business as usual. Our first confirmed case is some guy from Seattle who had the bright idea of flying here and staying at the Grove Park Inn. Tourism industry is gonna be a terrible carrier of this disease unless we nip it in the bud.
It looks like Buncombe County is going to start drive through testing starting tomorrow. Just got this email from the UNCA Chancellor:  "To serve all members of our community, Buncombe County Health and Human Services will begin operating two drive through COVID-19 testing sites, starting Tuesday, March 17th. Testing sites will be located at Biltmore Church in Arden and at UNC Asheville off of W.T. Weaver Boulevard.  We will be operating this drive through clinic as long as tests are available and ask that community members be patient throughout the screening and testing process. The testing site is staffed by medical providers from BCHHS. Testing is available to all members of our community, regardless of their income or ability to pay.  This COVID-19 drive-thru testing is specifically available for community members who:  ·       Have a fever combined with either a cough or shortness of breath.  ·       Have contact with someone with known COVID-19 and are experiencing any of the symptoms: fever, cough or shortness of breath.  Community screening drive-thru testing instructions:  1.Drive to one of the following locations:  2.Biltmore Church at 35 Clayton Road, Arden, North Carolina 28704  a.     UNC Asheville Campus, parking lot P28 on University Heights off of W.T. Weaver Boulevard  b.     Follow the signs for the parking lot where testing will be conducted.  3.     Stay in your vehicle. An employee will direct where to go and will give you the necessary paperwork before conducting testing and guide you throughout the entire process.  As we expect a large number of community members to participate, we ask for your patience with our dedicated healthcare workers as we strive to provide this important community service. This is an unprecedented public health event in our community and it will take all of us working together to stop the spread of COVID-19."
Traffic going into the employee entrance at the VA was backed up this morning. It looked like they may have had a drive through fever screening set up? Not sure, just my best guess. Anyone have more info?
Why won't you put the news that there is a confirmed case in Buncombe county outside the megathread? People should be able to learn that without clicking on the megathread.
This eerily silent latest episode of Last Week Tonight gives an honest and sobering perspective on the state of things: https://youtu.be/_066dEkycr4
https://wlos.com/news/local/one-case-of-coronavirus-confirmed-in-macon-county-33-positive-cases-in-nc-so-far
At 3:30 the president and task force will be addressing the nation. The markets close at 4.  This shit is too stupid to script.   The play: buy short term put options on the $spy. Doesn’t matter the strike. We are gonna watch something magical happen in the last hour of the market today  And by magical I mean something that the stock market has never experienced before
I just saw Vinnie's is offering free contact-free delivery on orders of $25 or more - AND they have family style lasagna. Can we start a list of other places that have contact-free pick-up / delivery? [vinniesitalian.com](http://vinniesitalian.com)
Any advice to get high school students to understand this better and practice social distancing?.  Everything I read is based on mortality rates.  However under 40 can and will still end up in the ICU.  Which will be our bottle neck.
Oteen Ingles has a pretty good supply of product considering the times.
Markets plunged 10% at open after a rate cut of 1%! I don’t think you understand how huge this is. Donny flappy tits is gonna close markets tomorrow if not today. The market is panicking which drives Donny boys policies. All bets are off. Stafford Act incoming
Sona Pharmacy + Clinic in East [\#Asheville](https://twitter.com/hashtag/Asheville?src=hashtag_click) is planning to hold another drive-thru clinic this afternoon to test people for the novel coronavirus. The drive-thru clinic opens at 3:30 p.m. in the parking lot of their clinic on Fairview Road. They don't have many tests though. See this Twitter thread for the rest.  [https://twitter.com/Ashevegas/status/1239615745212010497](https://twitter.com/Ashevegas/status/1239615745212010497)  I should add it seems many places will have testing in the area by the end of the week.
Harrahs cherokee closed for two weeks   https://www.smokymountainnews.com/news/item/28683-casino-responds-to-coronavirus-with-two-week-closure
I posted in the other thread but I wanted to post here too since my question directly relates to COVID-19.  I have a vacation planned (for months now) to go to an AirBnB in Asheville and visit the parks/patron at local businesses with my girlfriend. I’m curious what the situation is like in Asheville regarding park closures, business closures, etc.   I have enough supplies to survive without purchasing anything that might be needed by others and I don’t plan on socializing much with anyone; I mostly want to visit to hike and to eat take out. Does anyone have insight into what’s happening that might inform if I need to cancel this trip?
Very promising CURE  https://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/health/health-problems/coronavirus-australia-queensland-researchers-find-cure-want-drug-trial/news-story/93e7656da0cff4fc4d2c5e51706accb5
How are all the mental health organizations remaining open? Is that not ground zero?
Should we listen to the parents?  Both of my kids schools announced that they were closing this weekend. This was a bit of a shock to me, especially since nobody reached out to the parents to discuss it with us beforehand. Don't get me wrong, I'm not here to second-guess the decision. I'm not a public health official or a school administrator so I would not expect my opinion to be valued much.  But couldn't we, at least, talk about it? Maybe online learning isn't appropriate for some kids. Maybe some kids rely on school lunches for a big part of their nutrition. Maybe some parents rely on school for childcare so they can do their jobs as nurses, first responders, caregivers, etc.  Maybe some parents are very bad homeschoolers and don't have the ability to master the technology and ensure the online work gets done.  I realize that the caring and selfless officials making these decisions "hear our concerns", but it seems shallow to me; like platitudes. I also understand that any objections to these policies can only be interpreted as stupid or greedy and I don't want to be either, but I would like to be heard.  I very much feel out of control in this situation and that nobody is truly listening to the concerns of the parents. Are we sure our officials and administrators are making the best decisions for us stupid and greedy people?  BEFORE YOU RESPOND:   1) I believe our administrators made the absolute best decision they could to prevent the spread of COVID-19  2) I believe our decision-makers could have made more effort to understand and plan for the concerns of the parents.  3) I totally support the closing of schools in general, but not in all cases.  4) I believe that parents and teachers working together will create better solutions than administrators acting unilaterally.  5) I strongly heed the advice of our public administrators to practice social distancing and close the schools.  6) I want what's best for our children, the elderly and all law-abiding citizens.  7) I support the decision to close the schools.  8) I think collectively, we can reach better decisions rather than limiting our inputs.  9) I'm glad we closed the schools and think the decision was beyond genius.
I work for a company that has about 300-400 people per shift. We don’t produce anything that’s essential to help people. We are still being told to come to work and that “precautions” are being set. It’s so dangerous and dumb, but we make a very expensive thing for a multi billion dollar company so here we are.
Totally agree.
Who knows who he has spread it to.
I think of the coughing, snot-nosed people I came across during March 10-13. Is it polite to ask: Maam, is it appropriate for you to be here?   LMAO! Or, should I have said "check please" and vacate the place?  What is the etiquette? We need Miss Manners!
As Dr. Fauci said: "If it looks like you're overreacting, you're probably doing the right thing."
If there are no negative consequences of our strict measures, then no, we are not overreacting.  However, it really depends on the consequences.  If our actions result in more deaths and human misery, then it's a fair question to ask.
From my experience you have to actively be engaging in interviews and applying to jobs to get money from them. Idk if they're going to make that a requirement during the state of emergency, but normally if you aren't contacting 5 employers in a week, you can get in some legal trouble.
Meanwhile, on Craiglist there's still new postings for full-time service industry work...  https://asheville.craigslist.org/fbh/d/asheville-all-day-darling-hiring-full/7093814936.html  🙈🙉
My job won't let me
Yep, they just closed the restaurant I work at until further notice. Same with some other friends in the industry.
Source? I’m headed to work now.
TIL people still pay for the Citizen Times
It'd be nice if the larger papers followed suit. Anytime I google anything the top results are WaPo and NY Times and you can't access them without paying after you've read 5 articles. If less people are working and more people are trying to be informed there's no reason for a paywall right now (other than the obvious greed)
From another article about it, apparently this person is from New York. Because of that, I can't help but think that they thought they'd come down here to escape the virus, but ironically, they instead brought it down here.
I hope you will write a strongly-worded reply to them. People can carry and transmit the virus for up to 2 weeks before showing symptoms.
A ton of South Carolina churches were still in session yesterday. Ridiculous
Where.... erm.... where does one sign up for these pubic announcements? Asking for a friend.
Why just Biltmore?  How about every fucking restaurant and bar in this town?
It did close
we don't know yet, unfortunately, but as others have said that's at least partially because we're still just now starting to tackle all of this shit. for now, evictions and foreclosures are on hold in the state, so at least there isn't a clock ticking too close in the background. i would expect to see similar relief sooner than later, with long-term solutions coming in the next month or so
Call your mortgage broker/loan servicer and ask them what their plan is - I've heard some rumor of some servicers suspending payments without penalty, but it would depend on who they sold your loan to or if they have yet.
I hear your concerns and share them, but bro, we gotta tackle what's right in front of us first and then move on to help people who have suffered as a result.  They just closed schools - you can't expect the government to have answers for when we come out the other side of this mess.
Spoiler alert: our health system is in trouble
Good perspective to keep in mind for any healthcare workers right now: https://old.reddit.com/r/medicine/comments/fjj0lr/megathread_covid19sarscov2_march_16th_2020/fkndxk7/
Was it the traveler from NY?
Thursday the 12th or the 5th?
Source?
Heard anything more from your friend? I heard that they on self quarantine.
I doubt very much that we'll see any chaos since flights are already being cancelled left and right.
$250 per test
From SONA:   We are hosting a drive-through evaluation and testing clinic for any patient with symptoms concerning for COVID-19 at our Sona Walk-In Clinic (805 Fairview Road, Asheville, NC 28803) today* from 330-6pm.   We only have 76 tests available right now, so please remember that we can only tests those with fever and respiratory symptoms at this time. For those with insurance, we will bill these visits like usual.  For our cash pay patients, we have negotiated pricing to $250 for the exam, flu testing, and COVID-19 testing. We hope to lower this price as testing kits become more affordable.  *That was sent yesterday, not sure if they are doing more tests today.
WLOS has an article with all of the information on getting tested there. I tried to link it, but for some reason I can't.  Good luck.
So - I read this study as well, and think it's important to point out that as far as I can tell there has not yet been proven airborne transmission, as (rather narrowly) defined by medical professionals.  This study proved it might be possible, but it did not show 1) how likely virus particles are to be aerosolized by an infected person, or 2) whether those particles present after three hours are still infectious.  If you want to assume it can be transmitted in an airborne fashion that's not a bad idea, we still know so little that it can only help you to err on the side of caution!  But so far the consensus is still that is it not airborne in the way you described above.
Do you have a source on that?  Edit: I know about the NY tourist currently in Macon Co. I want a source for the Seattle/Grove Inn rumor.
Right on, im glad they're getting on the testing now while cases in wnc are low.
What time are they starting?
Simple answer is our moderator is a volunteer. Likely has a full-time job and children to navigate. This megathread is likely not the highest priority on their to-do list. Chill.
The article says they visited Asheville. Weren’t tested here aren’t from here. They were tested in Macon County. Doesn’t mean they got it here.  Edit not from macon county, was also visiting there
Bout to yolo what's left of my 401k
Asheville Pizza Co on Hendersonville road
It's important to stress that social distancing isn't in place to protect just you, it's designed with the best interests of your fellow humans-- particularly those most vulnerable to COVID-19.   That woman you accidentally brushed shoulders with in the grocery store could be out shopping for her husband who's at home battling metastatic colon cancer. He's currently in the middle of a chemotherapy treatment, and his immune system is weak. You went to a house party last night with 50 of your friends, and were exposed to the virus by someone who is still asymptomatic. Now this woman is exposed and takes it home to her husband, who falls ill and ends up in the ICU on a ventilator due to respiratory failure. His body can't fight the virus like a young healthy person, and within a few days he is dead.  I think it might help for our young people to understand the effect that our actions during this time have on other people, not just themselves. Social distancing is designed to protect you, but more importantly it protects other people from you.
That will be an ongoing problem. Adolescents = peer group close contact culture. No school now= parents educating need for new protective norms for everyone's benefit.
Write a fun rap song about social distancing yo
Plus, there are many studies showing permanent lung damage from "mild" cases seeing as how mild often includes pneumonia. Also, the elderly merely get sick first then the older adults the younger adults and so on. Please check out the peer-reviewed scientific journals on r/coronavirus and use high level critical thinking skills.
Tell them about how hospitals in Italy are having to triage incoming patients (chose who will live and die), despite being much better staffed than our hospitals.
For non americans, what is that?
[Also a clinic in Hendersonville at BRCC](https://wlos.com/news/local/henderson-county-establishes-drive-through-covid-influenza-testing-center)     The drive-thru COVID-19 screening site, located at 180 West Campus Drive on the campus of Blue Ridge Community College, will be open daily from 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. The screening site is set up for community members that are exhibiting symptoms of cough, fever greater than 100 degrees and shortness of breath, and have already spoken with the Pardee COVID-19 Helpline (828-694-8048) to determine if symptoms qualify for flu and / or COVID-19 testing. Please note that no one under the age of 12 will be screened for COVID-19. The Pardee COVID-19 Helpline is open from 8:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. The Helpline is handling a high volume of calls and ask the public to be patient with the process.
> For COVID-19 testing, final results are currently taking 5-10 days.  Good _grief_ that's slow.
I cancelled the trip. Thank you to everyone who responded. I figured things were pretty much the same everywhere but it doesn’t hurt to ask. I hope everyone stays safe and stays healthy
Social isolation is more about protecting us from you. Stay home.  Edit: But when we make it through this crisis as a community and a country, we would be more than happy to have you back and buy you a beer.
Please stay home.
The list of restaurants/breweries closing altogether is growing by the hour. Some examples: The Marketplace, Hillman Beer, The Salvage Station, The Lobster Trap, Highland Brewing, Sierra Nevada.   And if not totally closed, most restaurants have closed their dining rooms and are only offering takeout or delivery.   My advice? Please stay home, and come back when we are fully operational so you can get the full Asheville experience. We really do have the best beers and food! Look at the weather too... doesn’t look great for hiking.
We’re closed.   Now is not the time for a vacation.
When is the trip?
We arrived in Lake Lure from Tampa on Sunday.  Pretty much hanging out and drinking local brews I can get at Ingles.  Was going to head into Asheville but with the closings, not making the drive.
...and they're not essential oils.
Why would they be ground zero and which ones are you referring to? Everyone I know in mental health is switching over to telehealth where possible.
RHA is open. people still need therapy and mental health/substance abuse treatment...for now all groups are still in person.
I work for one. We can't send them all home with their behavioral needs. It's just not possible. So long as our staff remains healthy, they can too. We've even suspended trips home/visitation until the state of emergency is over.    When we get the Corona virus, that's when things will have become bad. Our isolation from the general public is already pretty much the point of our facility (I mean like probably not but we don't have enough money for daily field trips.) I don't like the thought of going to work either, especially because I take care of an elderly person in my household, but I get that we can't just full stop the care these people need.
$$$  MH orgs are always strapped for cash, most operate on being able to constantly bill insurancr/medicaid/Medicare continuously in order to keep their operations afloat.
There is nothing to talk about. It’s a public health decision.   You’re contradicting yourself in the same post. Do you want to talk about it first? Or are you glad it happened because it’s a genius move? Pick one
No.  Not to diminish the obvious upheaval this causes for families, but it's being done for the safety of the community.  It will keep those same families safer, and reduce the infection of the population.  The inconvenience to you and your family is unfortunate.  But we're all experiencing different levels of incredible inconvenience.  It's part of being responsible for the human herd.  Also, yes we are ALL very much out of control.  That's what makes it more scary.
Not really sure what you’re asking. I don’t think it would have been smart to involve the parents. Too many opinions will just crowd and complicate things. During times like these we just have to accept that the world may not always work in our favor and that decisions will have to be made without fully understanding the breadth of the consequences. For example, closing a gym when someone really wants to work out. Yes that person will be annoyed they can’t work out, but the employees will feel good that they don’t have to be in a contained and sweaty space with a bunch of strangers. Same goes with schools closing, businesses closing, countries going on lockdown. There’s no time to really discuss these things with everyone.
This is a weird shit post. Will not down vote or upvote.
Read this...   COVID-19 compared to Spanish Flu compared to Seasonal Flu  Spanish Flu of 1918 infected 27% of the population. The death toll is estimated to have been anywhere from 17 million, to 50 million, and possibly as high as 100 million, making it one of the deadliest epidemics in human history.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_flu  If COVID-19 has a similar infection rate the impact on America’s population of 327,200,000 would be 88,344,000 infected people and at a 3% mortality rate that would be 2,650,320 deaths.   For comparison, the annual death from the modern day seasonal flu at its worse is 61,000 annually.  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/index.html  This is more important than the inconvenience to you or anyone else. We need to flatten the curve. Our entire medical system will collapse if we do not. Stay home!!!
I work at a medical facility that told us to stay home if we had a fever. Used a thermometer and have a fever above the cut off (prolly allergies tbh) and they said it's okay come to work
It's safe to assume that there are way more than just this individual. I wouldn't point the blame all on them.
What if they toured Biltmore?
Consequences of staying home is loss of income which is no small matter. Hopefully our government will step up and bail out the working class. Consequences of not staying  home appears to be potential for a large amount of death. I agree with your statement, that said I do not see staying home as overreacting.
They're *asking* bars and restaurants to close/limit themselves to carry-out and drive-thru service, but not yet mandating closures.  https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/16/coronavirus-market-place-restaurant-closes-break-cycle/5058621002/
Contagion flashbacks fluttering through my mind
This was his response... https://i.imgur.com/BqQWc9P.jpg his email is brad@takeoutcentral.com
Hey... how can you survive a pandemic that the lord lets happen without praying for that lord to save you specifically cause he likes you better because you go to his building once a week?
Biltmore Bank in Accounts Receivable
I have got to think the Biltmore has more visitors each year then any other place in Asheville..I could be very wrong though. I definitely bet that was the case 10 years ago though.  I looked it up, they had 1.4 Million visitors last year
Every restaurant should close.  Not trying to pack in kids that are off school with the promise of free tacos.  (Looking at you, white duck).  And going down to take out only is still going to put people at risk of infection.
Just the house. Grounds still open, including green houses.
Yeah bro once your house is foreclosed on and you are homeless then we will get around to dealing with it bro. Nbd bro just chill and let all you have worked for get taken away bro.
Confirmed case discovered in Macon county. NY resident traveled to buncombe first. Yikes
Yeah
I imagine he means the 12
Bens tune up employee was contacted by health department.
Him and I have both committed to not leaving the house. No symptoms but we’re just being safe. No other news.
I have heard the same thing today and am currently watching my company send home all non-essential personnel and having people work remotely. Don’t know about the Seattle thing, but the rest is legit unfortunately.
I don't have one to link, but I just heard the same thing in a meeting from a reputable source.  This one's real, they're doing contact tracing on her and reaching out to businesses and restaurants she went into over the weekend.
Source was just a well connected guy. My understanding is also that Mission has essentially tested no one in the last week due to such a lack of test kits. That may be wrong, but what I heard from someone who has a spouse who is a doc
As far as we know
No, the moderator took down the article I posted and took the time to repost it here in the megathread instead.   I am chill, I just think the information is too important to tuck away in this comment section.
Oh that's okay then they probably just went to the Biltmore and a few breweries, maybe a restaurant or four, and then straight back to their hotel room or air b&b.
You cleanup or what?
So the interest rate and stock market are telling signs of the economy. During a recession the fed drops interest rates to encourage investing in the markets. We were already at a stupidly low interest rate for how well our economy was doing. With a 1% drop of the interest rate, history suggests, that money floods into the market. Today, money flew out of the market. Donnie is trying everything he can do to pump the market before an inevitable shutdown. The stock market is his reputation/ legacy. I bet he’s really butt hurt right now
Good man, stay safe wherever you're at. If you're looking for any info or wanna grab a beer when you're in town, hit me up.
Thanks! PM me when you plan your next trip and If I’m free I’ll buy you a beer.
Wednesday to Sunday of this week
Large groups of at risk populations with poor behavioral health is a good place to start. Telehealth is great, but not a realistic option for community services
thanks for the reply instead of downvoting! I intended this to be less a judgement and more curious why large gatherings of at risk individuals isn’t concerning.
I want parents to be involved before making tough decisions.  I think the process was flawed but the decision is the right one.  Does that make sense?
I'm asking if we should listen to the concerns of the parents.  That's all I'm asking.  We can dismiss those concerns after we've heard them, but I think we should, at least, listen to them.
Thank you for not downvoting it.  I realize it's a weird question.  I want to know if we should listen to the parents and respond to them?
Stay home might not be the best advice for those who have already recovered from the virus.  Blanket rules don't work.  Stay home may not be best for nurses.  Stay home might not be a good way to get food to the grocery stores.   The devil is in the details.
Oh for sure. There's no way it isn't already here and growing
Oh no I wasn’t trying to imply it’s his fault
Thank you for your thoughtful reply.  I also agree with what you wrote and have upvoted your response.
Can’t spend mo way if you’re dead.
Jeez! Irresponsible tool. That's a dumb recommendation. He may as well have just said,  "Sure kids, go out and eat anyway. So what if you might spread it in the community."
I actually just read:   • Biltmore Estate is the #1 visitor attraction in its category (museums, historic buildings and zoos) in Asheville and in the entire state of North Carolina. The 8,000-acre estate had more than 1.4 million visitors last year  Which sounds to me like they put "in its category" because it probably doesn't have the most visitors of all tourist attactions
The greenhouses aren’t open, the gardens are. They are outside. Grounds and garden are sprawling so unlikely to be in close quarters with anyone unless intentional. I think Antler village has limited hours but I’m sure that will change
Sure. Let's skip past the school closures, travel bans, business closings, healthcare overload, and quarantines and get directly to discussion of how you are going to pay your personal bills (that have already been largely deferred like everyone else here).  That doesn't sounds premature or selfish.  I mean, come on people most of us have been considering this for nearly a week!
Thank you for being thoughtful and responsible.
Crazy.
Re: not using the word airborne - no, you did not, but your description of someone sneezing and it being contagious an hour later seems to track pretty closely with the medical concept of an airborne virus.  As far as I can tell, that is currently only a hypothetical possiblity, not a proven route of transmission.  But maybe I'm missing something in the distinction between airborne and aerosolized.  Though I guess it doesn't particularly matter, looks like we're shutting down everywhere this week and I'm honestly grateful for it.  I'd way rather people be overcautious than the number of people I've seen today - today! - who are wandering around downtown still convinced this is a hoax or overreaction.
US government denied WHO's test kits a while back so everyone is probably going to be running thin on them soon
Read the article, not a Macon Co resident.
Fair enough.
Agreed.
New evidence suggests COVID-19 has a high affinity for pastel-colored North Face jackets and bachelor/bachelorette parties.
your post said "confirmed case in Buncombe" it wasn't confirmed in buncombe. they were in town before they were diagnosed. maybe didn't even know they were sick.  to keep from getting infected or spreading infection just stay home. chances are many people in this community already have it with no clue they are carrying. that's why the mantra: wash your hands and don't touch your face. you have to assume the virus could be anywhere regardless of whether or not buncombe county shows up on [1point3Acres](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/en).  the virus is already here - buncombe will get credit soon enough.
I have 3/20 $215, gonna ride it out a day or 2.
Non-essential travel for the next two weeks or more should be cancelled. Plain and simple.
I wouldn't.
It's really not worth it. Where are you coming from?  You'd be surprised by the day hikes you can find an hour's drive from pretty much anywhere. If that's all you plan on doing here... Do it there
For sure, I work at one of the larger MH providers in town and it's insane they're making people come in to work and go into the community to potentially spread this shit.
No. Do they call you to ask about snow days?
Fuck the parents.  This is not for them to decide.
It’s always good to listen but I wouldn’t expect any concern to be heard and acted upon. We need to step forward as a whole community rather than a bunch of individuals with personal needs. Look out for your neighbors and those close to you. Accept that this is out of your control.
I do believe you are missing the gravity of the situation.
The answer is no.  Parents do not get a say in a fucking National Pandemic.  Take your kid and keep them at home.  Buckle up, it's going to be a long next few months.  School will definitely be canceled for the rest of the year.
No one you or I know has knowingly recovered from the virus, mostly because barely anyone has been tested   Just please please do what is suggested and don't try to outthink the professionals.
You can infect people long after you "recover" and without testing available, no one knows if they should stay home for the recommended WEEKS in the case of COVID-19.   https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20200310/some-could-show-covid-19-symptoms-after-quarantine#1  From moment of infection you could have no symptoms for 11-15+ days, and then be virulent 2 weeks after showing symptoms.    You should leave this thread, you are uninformed and spreading dangerous misinformation.
I just love adult conversations that offer different insights while keeping common politeness.  Just rare to see a response like that.  Refreshing.
Can't tell if the original was just worded really really poorly? From his response sounds like he is encouraging people to order through takeout central for free.
There’s no way it can touch the number of visitors to The Great Smoky Mountains NP or the most visited of all national parks the Blue Ridge Parkway.
No shit I clean vrbos and people are still definitely having bachelorette parties.
Nice. It’s hard to hold over night in this market. What was the premium on that bad boy when you bought it
There are some places that are f'd if Vaya quits sending them patients and they aren't getting that money.
Thankfully, they do not.  That would be silly.  I assume snow days are standard operating procedure.  I hope you can appreciate that the governor of NC does not usually decide on snow days.  Right?  You do recognize the difference, I hope.
Thank you for clearly stating your position.  I disagree with you but am upvoting you because you answered my question without any bullshit and judgement.
I couldn't agree with you more.  I don't expect every concern or even any concern to be acted on.  But there is always the hope that a parent who is affected by this might have good input that administrators might be eager to embrace.  I'm convinced that ignoring parents is not the best approach.
Far from it.  I think what you are saying is that in light of the gravity of the situation, we should not listen to or respond to parents' concerns.  Is that correct?  If so, you have a valid point.
Thank you for your unambiguous response to the question.  I am upvoting your response.
Good advice.  But I hope all the nurses, public safety officials, caregivers, food suppliers and other vital persons ignore your advice to stay home.
I mostly agree with your first sentence, but disagree with your second sentence.  I'm here to learn about the virus and question my assumptions.  Sounds like you are here with an agenda and have strong beliefs that you can not possibly justify with facts.  We simply do not know what recovered means.  The science isn't there yet.  I would suggest you not spread information that you can't back up.
This is what I thought he meant... He said he's not asking people to go out, hes asking people to order take out
Of course they are. Many people will treat this pandemic like a fad,put themselves in danger and either get it or not. They won't realize how much damage they did until the virus has some harmful mutation later that makes people drop like flies.
$82. I've been holding them for a couple days.
Not really a difference. Your county decides on Snow days. Because it’s their jurisdiction. It’s the same thing with a public emergency. The governor makes the call.
You're confusing "considering everything and making a decision that inconveniences parents" with "ignoring parents".  Your concerns were considered.  They were found to be miniscule compared to the risk to public health.  The best approach is one that saves lives, and no one cares that you weren't consulted because you know nothing about the situation.
Today we are all parents of humanity. Period.
It's not my advice. I don't know shit. I'm just smart enough to not think I know better than scientists.
Agree on essential personal in specific industries continuing to work when not sick. That is a very specific need for our communities. This does not mean to go to a restaurant, bar, retail shopping. You name it we need to stay home until the testing gets to an appropriate level and figure out how bad this is.
I'm reading every post you make, and you are not trying to question your assumptions.  You are doubling down on them anytime anyone gives you evidence they are wrong.    But you're mostly spreading doubt and confusion, rather than making positive assertions.  You're a textbook troll.
He probably meant "Taking out" not "going out". Why would they want people to go out to those restaurants when their entire business model is takeout?
Nice play
Here's where I see a difference.  First, the decision is decentralized.  Local administrators with eyes on the scene make the decision for snow days.  Secondly, snow days are built into the schedule to a large extent.  Most calendars have optional snow makeup days.  Lastly, parents have a lot of experience with snow days and administrators are very familiar with the specific issues that they produce.  Nobody switches to online learning for a snow day.  I think this is a bit different.  There are real issues that parents will deal with that could be made better with foresight.  For example, parents could be encouraged to share resources where available.  Maybe I have better internet access and computers than other parents and if we were consulted, we could work together to minimize the issues that will surely result.  Maybe one parent has a flexible schedule that would allow them to take on a couple extra kids while the other parents go to work at the hospital.
I have no evidence that my concerns were considered, do you?  True, no one cares that I wasn't consulted. To be honest, I don't even care that I wasn't consulted.  But I do care that a group of parents weren't consulted and that their concerns were not addressed.  I care that we get buy-in on these decisions and I think ignoring parents concerns is not the best way to get buy-in.  I also care about the democratic process of considering all valid positions on an issue.   I am somewhat surprised how easily we turn our backs on the democratic process when faced with a threat.  Frankly, that is my biggest concern.  A politically savvy miscreant could easily take advantage of that threat to further his or her aims.
How I wish that were true.
I agree with everything you just wrote.  I'm upvoting your response.
I agree with everything you just wrote.
I challenge my assumptions by asking questions and questioning others assumptions.  If you have read my posts, you'll see that's exactly what I've done.  I didn't start by saying we should listen to parents, I asked the question, should we listen to parents.  I then went on to challenge those who claim we should not.  I also do not claim to know more than I do.  If you read my comments you will not find outrageous claims or me claiming anything that can't be backed up.
BTW, name calling may make you feel good, but it doesn't really accomplish much.  I see it as an admission that you don't have any valid counter arguments to my points.
You’re missing the point. There isn’t time to debate and figure out a better solution. This has to happen now or it gets much worse
"I dont even care that I wasn't consulted"  Then please shut the fuck up, Karen.
Remind me what points you've made that you're waiting for me to counter?
I'm not debating the point as to whether or not the schools should be closed.  I'm debating the point that parents should not be consulted.  I believe that if parents are consulted, there is a great opportunity to minimize human suffering.  A 24 hour delay would probably not have changed the decision, but it would have likely been productive to help clarify and address parents real concerns about childcare, technology, spring break schedules, appropriateness of online learning for some students, school lunch programs, etc.  I probably should have made it clearer that I support the decision to close schools.  My argument was that the process was flawed and we would likely have less ambiguity if parents were consulted.
If you've resorted to name-calling, I'll take that as an admission that you have no valid counterpoint and are now giving up on a respectful conversation.  Good day.
I would like you to respond to my main point asking if we should listen to the concerns of parents when making these decisions.  Furthermore, since you brought it up, I'd like to know if there is any degree of recovery that would allow those who have recovered to go out in public and live normal lives.       I'd also love it if you didn't call me a troll and instead responded to me with respect rather than resort to name-calling.
Like I said you’re missing the point. Waiting a day or two gets more people infected faster
This simple answer to your question, that you seem to be ignoring from many angles is "no, we shouldn't make public health policies in consultation with parents of school children."
A question is not an argument, even though you repeat it over and over no matter what reply you get.  This is the behavior of a troll:  asking a question that you pretend is innocent, but its actually a hidden argument, and you later refer to it as an argument.    "Should the parents be consulted?" turns into you claiming "The scientists are wrong"   The current official recommended quarantine period, and its inadequate length, is discussed in the article I linked that you obviously still haven't bothered to read.
Agreed.  The reason I said 24 hours was because it was announced on Friday evening or Saturday morning.  I was not advocating waiting a day or two to close the schools.  A few hours more would have allowed for some quick consultations with a group of parents to help facilitate the process and make it work better.  Why would you be opposed to that?
Thank you for your clearly worded response and thank you for addressing my question unambiguously.  While I disagree with you and would love to hear your logic behind the conclusion, I have upvoted your answer because it was mostly respectful (other than claiming I'm ignoring many angles) and relevant to the conversation.
Again, you keep name-calling.  Does that work well for you?  Name-calling accomplishes nothing and only serves to discourage conversation.    All I'm asking you to do is to answer the question.  Should parents be consulted or not?  There can be only two answers to this starting with either yes, or no.  If you have a thought on that, I'd love to hear it.  If you'd like to simply call me names, I'm not interested.  I am, however, generally interested in knowing what I said that led you to think I claimed "The scientists are wrong."  I'd also love to hear where you felt I was opposing the recommended quarantine period or it's length.  I do not oppose any of that, but I'm not at all opposed to serious skepticism where appropriate.  As you probably understand, the science is not complete on this question.  And I hope you also understand that science thrives on skepticism.  There would be no science at all if nobody questioned the prevailing ideologies.    Frankly, skepticism is one of the most important and cherished aspects of science.  Scientists often live for the dream of producing counter-intuitive results and overturning the prevailing assumptions.  Questioning unproven ideas is part of science.
My reasoning has been laid out by myself and other repeatedly.  The health of the community is of the utmost importance, and schools should be consulting with scientists and health officials, not parents.  You can disagree, but those are the facts.
I sense that you think I believe the schools shouldn't be shut down.  That's not the case.  I think the schools should be shut down and the parents consulted on the best way to do that.  There is a big difference.
You are repeatedly intentionally misunderstanding my point.  I don't care what you think about closing schools.  I'm glad you agree I guess.  Let me state this one more time so you cannot misread me:  SCHOOLS WERE NOT IN ANYWAY OBLIGATED TO CONSULT PARENTS  They listened to health officials, to policy makers, to scientists, to disease experts about what would make the entire population safest, and they followed those recommendations.  Again, they didn't ask parents, likely because parents are not experts in disease transmission.  And, again, most of us are fine with that.
Again, you consistently miss my point that this process could have gone better if the parents were consulted.    I, on the other hand completely understand your point that parents should not be consulted because they are not health care experts.   But you are missing my point that parents are parent experts and have good ideas on how to home-school children and help them through this closure period.  Why do you fail to recognize my point while I am acknowledging yours?
Because I disagree with you.  I don't misunderstand your point, I just think it is wrong.  There would be no use in taking additional time for consulting with parents when everything is moving so quickly and parents have NO EXPERTISE IN HEALTH CARE.  You can disagree, that's fine, but I understand your point.
Thanks, I get your point as well.

Buncombe confirms COVID-19 case

AC-T has dropped their paywall
Four days? Were they doing normal tourist things for four days straight or were they sick in their hotel room?
Hi! Since your post is about COVID-19, please move it over to the megathread. Thanks!
On all COVID-related material, yes.
While I don't doubt that it's been here. The word "confirmed" hasn't been here, and that's what the public is going to see (and care about). This will drive up anxiety in many. Stay safe out there, gang.

First COVID-19 Case confirmed in Buncombe County

No longer a paywall at AC-T

Buncombe confirms first COVID 19 case in visitor to county

*Has COVID-19 symptoms:*  “I know what will make me feel better - a vacation! I hear Asheville is lovely this time of year!” *coughs intensely*
Hi! Since your post is about COVID-19, can you please move it to the megathread? Thanks!
I hear the mountain air did wonders for all those tuberculosis patients back in the day.
You really want people to have to take the extra step of clicking on the megathread to get this news instead of just scrolling past the headline?
Well, it did wonders for the *owners* of the TB boarding houses & sanitariums.
I understand your concern and we've a decision to consolidate all information there. For what it's worth, I've already linked it in the text body of the megathread.

Harrahs Cherokee Casino closed for two weeks in response to COVID-19

Hi! Since your post is about COVID-19, please move it to the megathread. Thanks!

Drive-thru COVID-19 testing at UNC Asheville and Biltmore Church (Arden) starting March 17

Hi! Since your post is about COVID-19, could you please move it to the megathread? I'll be sure to copy it into the text body when I get a chance!

COVID-19 Megathread, St. Patrick's Day Edition
Post all of your Corona Virus discussion here in this thread. It's been really difficult to keep up with separate posts, so I'm going to let **new announcements go to individual threads, but redirect discussion over here**. Also, I'll delete any multiple announcements just to keep the main feed uncluttered. Thanks for understanding as we adjust the expectations!At the request of some in the community, I'm going to do my best to put important information here in the text body, but please continue to read through the comments. For the sake of trying to keep confirmed and important information at the forefront, I'll be deleting any jokes or unconfirmed rumors from this thread. Please take that on over to /r/thehotspot.[Governor Cooper orders all bars and restaurants closed at 5pm today. Take out service can continue.](https://www.wmbfnews.com/2020/03/17/gov-coopers-announces-closure-nc-bars-restaurants-dine-in-customers/)See the stickied comment below from /u/doiq about drive thru testing around Asheville today. [First confirmed case in Buncombe/ Macon County.](https://wlos.com/news/local/one-case-of-coronavirus-confirmed-in-macon-county-33-positive-cases-in-nc-so-far)[Day 3 megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fjjrc0/covid19_megathread_day_3/)[Live map tracker of confirmed cases](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)[https://www.reddit.com/r/CoronaNC/](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoronaNC/)[Local restaurants giving away free food for students](https://wlos.com/news/local/amid-coronavirus-school-closures-local-restaurants-step-in-to-feed-students)
Copied from /u/doiq  It looks like Buncombe County is going to start drive through testing starting tomorrow. Just got this email from the UNCA Chancellor:  "To serve all members of our community, Buncombe County Health and Human Services will begin operating two drive through COVID-19 testing sites, starting Tuesday, March 17th. Testing sites will be located at Biltmore Church in Arden and at UNC Asheville off of W.T. Weaver Boulevard.  We will be operating this drive through clinic as long as tests are available and ask that community members be patient throughout the screening and testing process. The testing site is staffed by medical providers from BCHHS. Testing is available to all members of our community, regardless of their income or ability to pay.  This COVID-19 drive-thru testing is specifically available for community members who:  · Have a fever combined with either a cough or shortness of breath.  · Have contact with someone with known COVID-19 and are experiencing any of the symptoms: fever, cough or shortness of breath.  Community screening drive-thru testing instructions:  1.Drive to one of the following locations:  2.Biltmore Church at 35 Clayton Road, Arden, North Carolina 28704  a. UNC Asheville Campus, parking lot P28 on University Heights off of W.T. Weaver Boulevard  b. Follow the signs for the parking lot where testing will be conducted.  3. Stay in your vehicle. An employee will direct where to go and will give you the necessary paperwork before conducting testing and guide you throughout the entire process.  As we expect a large number of community members to participate, we ask for your patience with our dedicated healthcare workers as we strive to provide this important community service. This is an unprecedented public health event in our community and it will take all of us working together to stop the spread of COVID-19."
What I would like to know is where the person that tested positive went to in Asheville? Those details are lacking? And why were they allowed to leave after having the test?
Biltmore Estate is closed through the end of the month. They're giving Biltmore employees paid leave, but my gf and I work for a 3rd party vendor so we get nothing. Hopefully our landlord will be a little flexible with rent next month.
Responsible businesses across our town are closing.  Getting pretty real out there, folks.
My partner just found out she's officially been laid off from her job in Banquets at the Grove Park.  She's supposed to be getting an email soon so that she can file for unemployment.  Neither of us has ever filed for unemployment. Can someone walk me through how that works?  Is it all done online?
The restaurant at the Asheville airport believes they are exempt from closing their dining room. Thoughts?
I said this in yesterday's thread and I'll say it again--Asheville specifically should be shutting down hotels to all non-emergency stays. It's wildly irresponsible to be bringing tourists into the city right now and to assist in having people in transit
So how are y'all doing? Everyone holding up alright so far?
A message from a friend in Spain   https://i.imgur.com/3Ty44OS.jpg
https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18548  >Effective March 18, Buncombe County will modify services until further notice to protect our citizens and staff and minimize opportunities to spread COVID-19 in our community. All nonessential, public-facing functions are closed at this time. Since this is a rapidly evolving situation, we will reevaluate these changes as more information becomes available and provide more detailed information here.
Anyone have any idea what my best options would be for grocery delivery around town? I'm getting over being sick and have felt pretty good the last few days (I'm aware I still could be contagious though), I just have probably five or six days of food left, I'm worried my window is closing to stock up, and of course I don't want to leave the house if I don't absolutely have to.
Official Buncombe County statement on drive-thru testing in Buncombe County:   https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18547
Trader Joe's reduces hours: [https://www.traderjoes.com/announcement/revised-store-hours-for-all-trader-joes-locations](https://www.traderjoes.com/announcement/revised-store-hours-for-all-trader-joes-locations)
Im at work right now hearing we should only skip work if we have a fever...come back after 48 hours fever free. Cool
Reposting here: With the economic impacts already being seen and talks of a recession, how to you think the AVL housing market will fare? I've heard that it's been somewhat immune to dips in the past. Thoughts?
Has anyone noticed that we’ve doubled confirmed cases in North Carolina today? Things are not going well  1700+ new cases in the USA today. We are about to double in new cases in a day. We had no idea at how widespread this was
They should make a special Reddit dedicated to coronavirus. Spreddit would be an appropriate name
Can we start making a list of which bars/restaurants have closed (and deserve our support after the crisis) and which are stubbornly open tonight (and deserve our immediate public shaming)?
Ok we blew past the o/u of 1600 yesterday and ended the day at 1747 new cases (if I remember correctly).  I’m gonna go bold and set the o/u today at 2500 new cases in the United States today. Are you guys taking the under or the over?
So I’m seeing the new case over/under today being around 1600. Are y’all taking the over or under on it. I’ll take the over  866 new cases today as of 12:00  1100+ new cases as of 3:00  1224 as of 4:20  1405 as of 5:30  1605 as of 6:30 gg guys  A little shy of 1700 at 7:00
/u/ivemadeahugemistake - can we sort this thread by new like yesterday's was?
If I could short a city it'd be Asheville. One trick pony economy based almost entirely on tourism and rich retirees buying real estate. Demand for both of those things is quickly approaching zero in an instant.
We're having a big party tonight. Free green antibiotics and hand sanitizer.
Big party tonight at Westville Pub.
**TL;DR: Testing starts at 1 pm today and ends at 6 pm. 10 am to 6 pm thereon out.**   Someone asked what time testing starts and I wanted to provide that update here:  From the Chancellor's email:  >In the interest of public health and community support, Buncombe County Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) has requested a drive-through COVID-19 test site in one of our University parking lots. The drive-through testing will occur in P28 (the lot where the tailgate market is normally located). The site will be open tomorrow from 1:00 pm until 6:00 pm. Based on the availability of testing supplies, the sites will continue to operate throughout the week from 10:00 am to 6:00 pm each day. Below is the information BC DHHS is sending out to the media and public.
That is the absolute dumbest spin I've ever heard from management about getting fired...what an opportunity, thank goodness you worked at such a gracious establishment! I think we'll get to see a lot of people's true character in dealing with this thing, who they're actually worried about and willing to make sacrifices for when times get hard.
Romney just proposed a bill for 1k to every adult citizen in the U.S. Some thoughts that it could genuinely gain traction. Let's see what happens there.
Which restaurant?
 Bens Tune Up, Foggy Mountain, Yacht Club and High Five coffee are the ones I know (The business were contacted by the Health Department).
Can't arrest people....yet.  &#x200B;  Martial law will be next.
I've heard rumors about 2 places visited, but rumors are not allowed on this thread. Check r/thehotspot
Meanwhile mine says they're following all CDC, WHO, state, and federal government recommendations while completely ignoring the big one telling people to work from home. My position is a 24/7 staffed position that can be done remotely.
https://des.nc.gov/  Looks like there's good online steps to follow there. So sorry to hear about your partner getting laid off.
https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241261156.html
Maybe you've already gotten your answer for this but they have closed the kitchen and dining room and are operating the coffee shop only.
There are a lot of small locally owned places right struggling with this while still worrying about their livelihood and that of their employees. Trust me. We're working on it.
My girlfriend and I both got fired from our restaurant jobs, neither of us know where our next paycheck is coming from, and the future does not look promising. At least we can go get some stuff at the grocery store to hold us over for a while... oh, wait, all the shelves are completely empty!  I’m getting all my backpacking gear together cause I might have to go live in the damn woods
How are we defining non-essential?
Not sure about other options, but I do know that if you have amazon prime, you can get delivery from whole foods.
For real, call up a pizza joint. We're all still open for carryout and delivery and if business isn't too wild, they might be able to spare a driver to help you out. We're all in this together
If you're near Black Mountain, Half Moon Market is doing grocery delivery of fresh, local, organic type food! Source:  [https://www.instagram.com/p/B915bpzhINR/](https://www.instagram.com/p/B915bpzhINR/)
We wanted Bernie? We might not get Bernie as a person, but we will be well aware of his message after this. Policies will be shaped in his name and beliefs after this is all said and done
I’ll be getting to all those projects I haven’t had time for.  And it’s a long shot but maybe, just maybe the political vitriol will settle down.
I'm social distancing so no one can pinch me for not wearing green today
Worst advice I've heard....
It definitely wasn't immune last time. I bought my house in a desirable neighborhood in 2012 as a short sell, and there were no other bids.
Please.  Housing market concerns are secondary issues to be sorted out in the months to come.  Pretending anyone has an answer now is naive and does no one any good.
I would expect cases here in Asheville, Buncombe County, and the rest of WNC to rise sharply too. Now that more testing is occurring, more cases can be reported.
There is one r/Coronavirus
Governor's order, no dine in service starting at 5 pm.
That's a decision the government needs to make, I don't agree with shaming restaurants that support a lot of local jobs.  It's a reflection on the government/system that the American people have put in place, that's where the shame should go.
Good morning! I just posted the new megathread for today, do you mind getting us started over there?
I’m going by the mortality rate because we can measure mortalities more easily than we can measure the number of cases. Obviously there’s still some guesswork involved but it’ll kind of do.  The US has had a little under 100 deaths. If the mortality rate is 3% then that means there are a little more than 3,000 cases in the US.
No shot we’ve tested enough in recent days to have that many results come in at once
You just have to select by "New" at the top of comments
Yup, will do! Thanks for the reminder!
We'll be fine asshole.  Go fuck yourself.
Go back to Jacksonville and enjoy your wide roads
Oof
As a server, I feel you completely haha. I landed here for college, dropped out, and haven’t left yet.   As much shit as there is to talk about this town, there are some fantastic people here. I can be skeptical of them sometimes, but I think it’ll be really cool to see the outpouring of love this community will provide to us service industry folk when this all settles down. Thinking about it last night made me tear up.
Surely you jest.
We're still in the "pretending this won't affect our area badly" phase, where bars and restaurants have been asked by the health department to close, but no one is mandating that they do because the lack of testing has convinced them that we don't already have hundreds of unconfirmed cases here right now.    You should avoid all unnecessary travel at this time.  Nowhere is immune.
Yes, you should, frankly. Even if you aren't worried or care about flattening the curve, you won't be able to actually enjoy Asheville fully. Things are changing rapidly, and who knows what it will look like by then.   Also not sure what lodging arrangements you made, but if it's a small locally owned place like a B&B, please consider taking a gift certificate instead of a refund. They're getting hit hard right now, just as hard if not harder than restaurants since they don't have the local support.
Yes, stay the Fuck away. We would probably like you in normal circumstances, but for now, you’re not welcome
The following restaurants/breweries have temporarily closed (with more closures being announced, and this list is no where near complete): Curate/Buttons’s Bagels, Cultura/Funkatorium, Corner Kitchen/Chestnut, Highland Brewing, Sierra Nevada, The Marketplace, The Lobster Trap, Hillman Beer, Ben’s Tune Up.   And if not closed, the vast majority have now closed their dining rooms and are only doing takeout/curbside pickup or delivery. That includes places like Nine Mile, Strada, Cucina 24, Sunny Point Cafe, Biscuithead, etc.   Stay home.
I’ve been yelling at everyone I can in hopes of shaming them back indoors, fair warning   (Also, y’tourist? Probably wouldn’t like you anyway but come visit when this is all over I guess)
Cancel
Are you serious? If this is serious let’s slam them on social media  They seem to have cancelled
>r/thehotspot  Please don't let the people's self-claims of qualification be all that is needed to be tested.  The hypochondriacs and Karens will use up the limited number of tests and prevent those with legitimate symptoms from being tested.  It won't bother them to lie on the questionnaire because all they care about is themselves.
The alternative is keeping them on the books but not giving them any shifts. Then they wouldn’t be able to qualify for unemployment.   I know it sucks but there’s no good scenario in this. At least their bosses were trying to pick the better of the two options.
Would love to see that pan out.
Wouldn't that be doxing?
They were symptomatic with at least cold and/or flu like symptoms and they went on a brewery crawl?  That doesn't sound right.  Who drinks beer when they are sick?
Link to proof of this?
*Marshall
I was not suggesting that
Myself along with three other coworkers unable to file for unemployment today as the website would break every time we tried to submit info.. trying again tomorrow
I totally understand that. But I think that half baked attempts at shutting folks in will result in a much worse long term economic outlook. Two weeks with no customers is better than two weeks of takeout and then two months of being shut down
Sorry to hear this. Have you considered looking at grocery stores right now for a job? I saw something saying Aldi stores were trying to hire people at all levels right now to keep up with demand.
Check out bounty and soul. Great organization where you can get free healthy food, no questions asked. They will have pre made boxes of food ready to be picked up at 11am today out front of St. James Episcopal in Black Mountain.  Good luck!
Have you contacted or looked at [Manna Food Bank?](https://www.mannafoodbank.org/covid-19/) - they are a tremendous resource.  Also, please don't hesitate to keep me/us here on reddit updated. Right now, I am fortunate enough to be able to continue working remotely and I would like to do what I can to help those in the community that need the help the most.
In the same boat, but haven’t had any trouble buying groceries in the last few days. Where have you gone?
Woods are closed.
You weren't fired.  You were let go, laid off.  It matters.  It affects your ability to get unemployment and your resume for the future.
https://wlos.com/news/coronavirus/help-wanted-delivery-service-in-asheville-looking-to-hire-to-keep-up-with-covid-19-demand
I know of at least one farmer doing a free CSA box (produce) for affected restaurant workers. If interested in the info let me know.
I think this is just for county operations and such. Not going to affect retail shops and such.   They included a list of what they deem essential in the article as well.
As of two days ago instacart was working as well, also a friend wgobused said a lot of things are sold out, so I would be pretty flexible with your expectations.
Yesterday, they weren't doing delivery due to overwhelming requests. I used Shipt but I know Instacart is also working
Y'all do not have proper PPE and procedures to protect yourselves or others.   Go the fuck home.
Ingles did do this. They’re closing at 10pm now.
12 minutes for someone to make it political.
Exactly
Here's a sneak peek of /r/Coronavirus using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!  \#1: [Even if COVID-19 is unavoidable, delaying infections can flatten the peak number of illnesses to within hospital capacity and significantly reduce deaths.](https://thespinoff.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Covid-19-curves-graphic-social-v3.gif) | [3457 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/fgi2pi/even_if_covid19_is_unavoidable_delaying/)   \#2: [An Italian hospital ran out of ICU valves. A local biz brought a 3D printer to the hospital, redesigned & produced the valves in a few hours. “At the time of writing, 10 patients are accompanied in breathing by a machine that uses a 3D printed valve.”](https://twitter.com/michalnaka/status/1239316241984049152?s=21) | [1344 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/fjcz60/an_italian_hospital_ran_out_of_icu_valves_a_local/)   \#3: [**[NSFW]** As expected, Pornhub offers free Premium access to all Italian residents and donates all of March profits.](https://www.fantacalcio.it/news/attualita/12_03_2020/pornhub-un-mese-di-proventi-e-premium-a-marzo-gratis-per-litalia-382257) | [1661 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/fheqv9/as_expected_pornhub_offers_free_premium_access_to/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/ciakte/blacklist_vi/)
https://www.wbtv.com/2020/03/17/nc-governor-close-restaurants-bars-dine-in-customers/  Thank the gods, and Gov Cooper.  I really didn't want to have to make dozens of irate phone calls today.
That makes compiling a list easy:  All of them.
Sure! Thanks for letting me know
And even still this is probably an underestimate...one thing to keep in mind  is that it "takes time" for the deaths to be in the count because often people are hospitalized for at least days if not weeks or sometimes even longer. It's not like people necessarily die within 24 hours. So worldwide, we've been seeing that the deaths can trickle in in a delayed fashion compared to "recovered" cases.
Confirmed cases are edging 6k right now  5800+ as of 3:08. This is baad
Or there were, back when they got infected a couple of weeks ago.
We had just shy of 1k yesterday.  Scary, huh? Even with lack of testing
We just hit 500 most of those in nyc
Yeah I know, but it's far better to have it default sort by new.
Thanks!
Guess the truth hurts. I hope everyone the best, I’m laid off myself, but this town has been one massive bubble relying on everything operating normally. The sad truth is that half the small business’s and restaurants in this town may never reopen. The sooner people understand the sobering reality, the sooner we can hope to recover and move on.
I never left Jacksonville. I'd never leave a big robust city like this for a vacation spot.
[𝓞𝓞𝓕!](https://i.imgur.com/fguWxFs.png)   You have oofed **1** time(s).   # Oof Leaderboard **1**. `u/ConeYT` at **1262 oof(s)**!  **2**. `u/DavidDidNotDieYet` at **1073 oof(s)**!  **3**. `u/theReddestBoi` at **472 oof(s)**!  **4**. `u/Pyggimeni` at **291 oof(s)**!  **5**. `u/ODSEESDO` at **241 oof(s)**!  **6**. `u/ToughRhubarb1` at **176 oof(s)**!  **7**. `u/PopeyesChickenNotKFC` at **134 oof(s)**!  **28787**. `u/crashbangouchiefixer` at **1 oof(s)**!   *** ^(I am a bot. Comment ?stop for me to stop responding to your comments. 𝔒𝔒𝔉)
Don't call me Shirley.
Any intelligent restauranteurs and bar owners are closed.   Only irresponsible places are open. Other states have closed the bars because people wouldn’t stay home.   I would much rather be sitting at Hillman sippin a sweet dbl ipa watchin it rain.   Instead I’m home.
Good to know - thank you. I was wondering how serious the breweries and restaurants were taking it over there.
No dine in service after 5pm by governor's orders.
Update:  The White House has now publicly supported the measure. They're looking to send out checks within 1-2 weeks. Some help maybe on the way.
My girlfriend knows a guy who got it while in Italy.  He's a confirmed case.  A week after his trip he was playing basketball, and even posted a picture of himself dunking.  So yeah, a week after contracting coronavirus he was dunking a basketball.  He also mentioned that he had the flu last year and it hit him SIGNIFICANTLY harder.  For him, this has just been congestion and some general tiredness as he got further into the gestation period.  That's the big thing with this virus, some people have super mild symptoms, others almost die (or do).
It’s not public information
Wat?
My partner was able to get on the website in the wee hours (around 3 sm), and submit everything.
It's way more than two weeks. We're getting cancellations where I work (a B&B) as much as six weeks out, and more everyday. For what it's worth, I agree with you. I'm just pointing out that a lot of folks are having to play a really tough balancing act right now. It's going to take a nation wide travel ban to stop people travelling, which I do think is coming. I'm scared for both my health and my job right now. Unlike restaurants it's all or nothing if we close, there's no middle ground. We're doing what we can, waiving fees right and left when people cancel, being super flexible. Its tough for everyone all around.  Edited for clarity. Sorry. My brain is a bit addled at the moment.
Yea it seems like we’re just doing things slowly behind everyone else. At this point a full on shutdown seems like the best bet. Waiting just prolongs it.
Congratulations: your comment used all the letters in the alphabet!
Yeah, that's part of what I was thinking. I imagine the delivery apps can't possibly keep up with what's in stock and what's not, so I'm not sure how worth the risk it would be to go in there myself and actually see what/how much they have so I could adapt accordingly.  Edit: If I do have to venture out, it'd be to the Haywood Ingles...anyone been there today, what's it looking like?
We got shut down yesterday. Just trying to offer help.
This is so political it’s insane. That’s the world we live in  I’ll leave you this quote from the movie contagion:    “Alan today on Twitter, you wrote on that the truth about this virus is being kept from the world, by the CDC, by the World Health Organisation, to allow friends of the current administration to benefit from it both financially and physically.”
Absolutely, I appreciate your contributions to these discussions!
That means our healthcare system is doing better than the average mortality or mortality is a trailing indicator, as it appears you are assuming it to be.
Solid point.
Thought you were pulling that number out of your ass for Asheville, nationwide that’s still certainly underreported but more believable. My view has certainly moved away from the national scale since everyone is fucking around about it here
Yup, now’s the time to pivot
It’s a vacation spot to YOU - in that, you get to leave your world and come visit ours, that we exist in. I reckon if your pals in Jacksonville valued that opinion though, they’d stop moving here!
Jacksonville robust? Jacksonville a nice place to live? You're bananas dude.
Very. Many are still doing curbside, but it's changing day by day. At this point you're doing both us and yourselves a favor by staying home. Come back when this is over, stay at a locally owned business, eat all the food and drink all the beer.
I’m a foreigner that paid taxes for the entirety of 2019. Where does it leave me?
Have also heard they visited a hotel downtown. Source is pretty reliable, but still take it with a grain of salt.
Ah okay
The best Reddit Bot, y'all.
Ingles on brevard and tunnel rd were fully stocked this am minus a late bread shipment.
I know with instacart they communicate while shopping, but that's a lot of back and forth with a stranger. Good luck!
Sometimes it’s nice to take a break from the world we live in and the politics injected into every goddamn thing.
I’m going through a separation right now so this is a horrific but welcome distraction. Thanks for organizing everything 🙏🏻
Or the virus was first noticed 12 days ago. I think we are lagging behind
All the nations test have been funneled to ny, ca and wa. It’s here and been here for a minute. By next week we will be in the thousands just in N.C. right now we are around 40. Tests are taking 5-8 days to turn around. We failed guys. I hope I’m wrong but the time for quarantine was last week. I hope I’m wrong, but from a pure number perspective we are way ahead of any country. Donnie boy finally beat China at something  Experts say R0 (pronounced R naut)is around 6 and maybe even higher. So for every one person sick they infect 6 people. If that number is accurate there are 240 cases undiagnosed in North Carolina. A 5-14 day symptomless incubation period. So you do the math dude. We are fukt  Watch contagion. They really explore the government and cdc response to a pandemic. They are under reporting for a reason
I know a lot of people that visit there. I don't know anyone moving there. As beautiful as the mountains are it isn't exactly a business mecca. So those of us that are career oriented aren't going to trade what we have here for some sweet mountain bike trails. Honestly, JAX has better beer, food, and drinks at this point. Aville lost that edge years ago.  And honestly the place is a little whitewashed for me. I live in a 50% black neighborhood and like it.
Lets see what industry is in Asheville: tourism and real estate     What industry is in Jacksonville: all of them  Aville is a business zero.
I'm not a politician and no bill has been released thus far, not sure anyone outside of those drafting them right now could answer something like that.  I'd imagine, and this is pure speculation, that the checks would be for citizens.  What's your home country? Can you return? Have you been laid off due to COVID-19?
When you deny WHO tests and want private companies to develop their own tests and put a nation at risk that’s just poor management. Trump put privatized companies priorities over the welfare of Americans.  Also we can go buy tests at the drive through for $250. Fuck off trump
Yeah, it is nice sometimes - it just doesn’t have to correspond with when you come to the internet?
Where are you getting that R0? I’ve seen numbers around 2.3...
64 confirmed in NC as of last night.
Doesn't JAX also have a much better subreddit you could antagonize people in? Nobody here in r/asheville asked for your opinion or negativity.
50%! Thank you for your bravery
lol get outta here
Breaking News: Florida man says Florida man stuff; nation is shock.
haven't been laid off. I don't want to return lol  Brazil is the country. shitshow is just about to begin over there with our first death and 300 cases so far (no testing and the president is saying the governors are freaking out and hurting the economy)
Don’t fucking care right now. Can’t you be a downer somewhere else?
Dr Paul Campbell of the United Kingdom  There is no way it would spread as fast as it has at 2.3. His numbers are more believable  I suggest exploring his YouTube channel. Very informative and based on facts
It popped up in my feed and it quickly occurred to me how completely fucked Asheville is going to be with your zero economic diversity economy. Well when this blows over maybe I'll be one more Floridian up there buying a vacation house on the cheap.
And Florida Man is right and you know it. Aville is so fucked.
Yeah, don't blame you.   I guess just try to ride out and keep your job. I don't think you'd receive one of the checks but at least you still have your job. The good thing is the government isn't going to send you back, so you're safe there.  Brazil and South America will probably get hit hard I imagine, given their infrastructure issues.
And here lies the problem  I’m sorry I said something you didn’t like
An R0 of 2 or 2.5 still causes exponential growth... also I think the R0 is probably very dependent on various cultural factors like population density and various behaviors like hand washing/etc.
Why be so shitty though? People are losing their jobs here and you traipse in here *yet again* and show your ass.
Lol you are poor stop playin
With the crystal ball you have, could you look into the future to see if there is still an asshole amung us?
Wow dude. We're all Americans and we're all in this together. You truly are a piece of shit.
You seem to have missed the point of my original comment. I took a break from this subreddit due to the negativity. I see that was a good idea. Fuck it, I’m out.   But I’ll leave you with this thought. You’re just as likely to get fascism out of all this than your socialist utopia. Have fun.
Check his channel out
I’m sorry you look to local issues as an escape from political realities (negativity, as you put it.) Political policy informs, quite literally, every aspect of our society. So, to engage in current events is to engage in politics. Sorry that makes you uncomfortable.   But I’ll leave you with this thought. Just because someone has different ideologies doesn’t mean they don’t have valid points. Don’t take your ball and go home. Engage with civility. Butthurt is the enemy of democracy and a free exchange of ideas.
I gave you a silver lining and you lashed out  Also I believe we as a nation won’t accept fascism as an outcome. We will learn and grow. Just like life

Rapid COVID-19 Test Available. Hospitals need to submit purchase orders to Thermo Fisher

Hi! This would be a great link to include in the megathread, would you mind posting it over there? Thanks!

COVID-19 Megathread Wednesday March 18th
**Keep all general Coronavirus postings here to prevent the subreddit from getting clogged. We will leave other important threads/announcements up but may redirect discussion to here.**Helpful Links and Information:* **Information on how to obtain** [**COVID-19 testing locally** from the county's website](https://www.buncombecounty.org/Governing/Depts/Health/news_detail.aspx?newsid=18547) and \[Citizen-Times\] ([Citizen-Times](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/17/coronavirus-what-you-need-know-asheville-nc-march-17/5062153002/))* [Governor Cooper's Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/nc_governor) with executive orders in place* Apply for [**Unemployment Benefits here**](https://des.nc.gov/)* **Dine-in service at all restaurants is now prohibited. Public schools are closed until further notice. Practice social distancing and avoid large crowds.*** Listing of [Free Lunch Pickup Locations](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/17/asheville-restaurants-feeding-kids-free-while-school-out/5066111002/) for school children* [Live data tracking of cases in every region](https://ncov2019.live/data) and [map tracker](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)* [Federal tax PAYMENT deadline extended to July 15th,](https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2020-03-17/april-15-tax-payment-deadline-irs-delayed-coronavirus) BUT you must still file by April 15th. State tax payment deadline is TBD.***If you have any of the symptoms listed below, please contact your healthcare provider, consider getting tested immediately, and do enact a 14-day self quarantine for the good of the community.*****Symptoms** of the Coronavirus are similar to a flu and may include but not limited to:* Runny nose* Sore throat* Cough* Fever* Pneumonia* Difficulty breathing (severe cases)\^(source: [\^WHO](https://www.who.int/news-room/q-a-detail/q-a-coronaviruses)*And, of course, please avoid hoarding copious amounts of toilet paper and other essential supplies.*Other relevant links/subreddits:* [r/NorthCarolina](https://www.reddit.com/r/NorthCarolina/)* [r/CoronaNC](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoronaNC/)* [r/Coronavirus](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/)* [r/COVID19](https://www.reddit.com/r/COVID19/)* [r/COVID19Positive](https://www.reddit.com/r/COVID19Positive/)* [Yesterday's megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fk48c9/covid19_megathread_st_patricks_day_edition)* *Last request: please keep political arguments, vendettas, and shitposting to an absolute minimum in the megathread. Please use this thread to get questions answered and share factual information!*Shout out to /u/bandysunker for the new megathread format!
Just a friendly reminder to be NICE to people who are working in grocery stores. We are doing the best we can to have items in stock and we are exhausted from literally running around the store packing delivery groceries...all while wondering if we are being exposed to the virus. It’s a tough time for everyone, please be decent.
So I'm kind of a nerd and I want to spread some nerd goodwill. Is anyone in a hard place right now financially that could use a little video game pick me up?   If so, I'd love to send some sort of love out your way in the form of either a steam game gift, a Playstation/Xbox/Nintendo gift card, or whatever may help you the most.   Please only people that are struggling take advantage of this.
Emailed Leslie and Associates (a large rental company) yesterday to ask if they were going to freeze rent payments during all this since the service industry is so huge in Asheville. I have not gotten a response yet. Has anyone heard from individual landlords/rental companies about a contingency plan?
From what I can see a significant amount of people are not really engaging in isolating themselves or even keeping proper social distances.  For those of you who are Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!
Yesterday I got to work (a restaurant) and the plan was to spread the word that we were switching to deliveries and curbside pickup. That was 9am. By 5pm we all got fired. I’ve been trying to apply for unemployment but I don’t think the website is equipped to handle this number of people applying, it keeps crashing. I have no clue where I’m gonna be in two weeks and everything feels like it’s up in the air.
Anyone got any good news?
Ok we blew past the o/u of 1600 yesterday and ended the day at 1747 new cases (if I remember correctly).  I’m gonna go bold and set the o/u today at 2500 new cases in the United States. Are you guys taking the under or the over?  Interesting to note we are 2600 cases away from where Italy locked down   [us-v-Italy chart](https://i.imgur.com/gBcL7eY.jpg)  Closing in on 2600 at 7:00
Unemployment benefit prerequisites and penalties have been loosened by the governor:   https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETVfk2NXsAQR4Xt?format=jpg&name=large
 If you haven't read the [Imperial College report on COVID19](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/media/imperial-college/medicine/sph/ide/gida-fellowships/Imperial-College-COVID19-NPI-modelling-16-03-2020.pdf), you probably should.  Here's a [great summation](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1239975682643357696.html).  &#x200B;  Things are about to get really, really bad y'all.
For all those trying to file unemployment, Turner’s office told me there is a glitch in the system were it isn’t talking properly to the feds to verify our social security numbers. They have a fix. I’m gonna try again later tonight
Avoid ibuprofen if you have symptoms:   https://www.sciencealert.com/who-recommends-to-avoid-taking-ibuprofen-for-covid-19-symptoms/amp
If you're a restaurant that is going to shutter their doors due to these unfortunate circumstances please consider donating your food to manna food Bank.  if you're a county commissioner and reading this restaurants will shutter their doors please consider using their kitchens to feed the citizens in the future
And here's a collaborative / public list of businesses that are taking precautions to fight the spread of COVID-19 in our area: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ozxjVKfF89a0bV-0E_WsQPrxkODRCmPOId0dRQarD54/edit?usp=sharing
Malaprops just announced they're closing after Friday. They're working on other ways to keep selling books. For more see this Twitter thread.  [https://twitter.com/Malaprops/status/1240384375692369921](https://twitter.com/Malaprops/status/1240384375692369921)
What if I need my car inspected by the end of the month?  Fuzz going to turn a blind eye when it's finally back on the road with an expired registration?
[https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2020/03/17/coronavirus-looks-different-kids-than-adults/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2020/03/17/coronavirus-looks-different-kids-than-adults/)  Pediatrics journal study indicates children can easily transmit COVID-19, even if they have mild symptoms. Infants 1 and younger at greater risk,
Man the backlog on tests is staggering
/u/IveMadeAHugeMistake   Hi again haha. Auto sort by new please? Thanks for taking care of all of this right now. Very much appreciated.
Anyone know if Carrier park is still open? I know county parks have closed but I believe Carrier is city-run. Their website doesn’t say anything. Just wanting to run!
How y’all feeling?
I think this stimulus idea is stupid.  $1000 is not going to go that far and many people are still going to get paid while this is going on.  Stimulus needs to go to the people that will lose their jobs or cannot work.  If my wife and I both get $1000 because of this we are going to donate it another household.
I’d say you guys are up there in importance with medical personnel. I hope you all get hefty pay bonuses. If not, at least know that you are making a huge difference.
My partner works in grocery and they have people literally standing around and waiting for them to unload trucks because they need X brand of thing instead of Y brand. And this retailer has throttled their grocery pickup system, forcing more people into the stores. Bless all of you. God knows we’d be fucked without you.
Thank you so much. Seriously. I’ve been to a couple of stores for my family and every worker I encountered has been wonderful. You guys are doing far better than “the best you can.”
I've suggested the to the mods we start a community support megathread in place of the visitors thread soon. That way those who have generous hearts (and coffers) can give to those in need. If no one takes your offer by then, be sure to repost it in there. You the best nerd in Asheville.
This is a fantastic idea!  I am doing ok, but would be happy to contribute after tomorrow (payday).   We should organize some kind of locals gaming group, divided by platform and a general all-puropse gaming and nerdy thread.
Thank you for offering this that's amazing! I'm deep in Stardew Valley right now myself. It's the most zen game I can think of for these trying times.
I’ve got a huge back log to get through so I’m good. But thank you so much for doing this! Few things suck as bad to have to say goodbye to a hobby on top of hardship everywhere else. Your escape and relaxation moments get torn away and it can be a real downer! Rock on fellow human!
I can imagine what their response will be lmao. Hopefully the federal govt will give them no choice
I rent through them, and I am honestly not surprised by their lack of response.
They will not do jack shit until it is mandated by government. They are a for profit company and money is the driving factor in all decisions. They still have to pay mortgages on properties (or the owners the represent), pay staff and run a business.
Same here this morning. I got mine through but couldn’t correct an error. I filled out a form with my specific question to have them contact me though, no use waiting for a simple question.   If it helps, my laptops browser was a lot more stable than when I first tried it on my phone browser.
Oh shit man. Sorry you lost your job. I've been wondering what the fall out was going to be like, I bet there's a lot of people dealing with the same thing as you. We as a society better step up and help each other out in conditions like this.
My restaurant shut down today at noon. I'm...numb. This is fucked. (For perspective, I've worked there for over 1.5 years of the just shy of the 2 years they've been open)
Tried a pop tart with butter this morning. Enjoyed every bite. Might make it a thing thanks
I took a massive shit and only had to wipe once
Cam Newton is getting the fuck out of here and Teddy B is coming to town!  That's good news.
These are just confirmed cases.  Experts are saying there are tens-maybe hundreds of thousands of cases in the US as of a week ago. And with so little testing we have no way to know.  Sources:  [Cedars Sinai](https://www.cedars-sinai.org/newsroom/study-estimates-covid-19-may-have-infected-over-9000-in-us/)  [The Hill: Ohio Estimates 100,000](https://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/487329-ohio-health-official-estimates-100000-people-in-state-have-coronavirus)
Too bad this does nothing for the self-employed.
This is the kind of thing that I feel like presidents are supposed to see and it makes their hair turn white and they age a decade in a day. And yet here I am looking at it while sitting on the couch and knowing I have to go to work at Mission tomorrow.
Jesus. That's sobering.    I'd heard bits and pieces of that over the last few weeks, but seeing it all methodically laid out like that, you get a real sense of the scope of what we're up against.
I came here to post this as well. Everyone should read this to get a real sense of what we're in for.   Be aware, everyone, this information is terrifying, but imperative that people know what is most likely to happen.  This is the new normal.
Bummer - that's one of the few pain relief pills I've ever had success with for my pretty regular headaches.  The other was Excedrin which is off the market right now for completely different (and stupid) reasons...
I followed that thread on /r/coronavirus and I believe that it's still out as to whether or not you should take nsaids.
Ibuprofen is just about the only thing that keeps me moving most days, so this news is not great for my stress levels.
Or give it to the employees.
Asheville pizza and brewing [closing](https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156551816931371&id=49018866370) all 3 locations for 30 days :(
I just donated $50 to Manna and definitely plan on donating more to local places if/when the stimulus bill is passed. I know a lot of people are hurting and I'm trying to do what I can since I'm still fortunate enough to be employed right now.
We will see how San Fran handles it and either follow by example or adjust  One thing that’s going to be interesting is that if we go into lockdown what are alcoholics and drug addicts gonna do?
There are plenty of empty hotels.
The sales floor is no longer open...however, the store is offering curbside pickup for web and phone orders (www.malaprops.com). Also offering free media mail delivery for orders over $50 before tax as well as some other incentives to stock up on books and stay safe.
I imagine there’s going to be a lot of leniency going on in the near future.
That's what they're doing in CA.
Crap, I'm due this month too 🤦‍♂️
You can still get an inspection. Not every single thing is closed, I mean c'mon.
I didn’t think about this. I don’t even know when mine is due, as I bought a used car from TN, and I deferred my highway tax. Will I have to have an inspection this year...?
I was able to get an inspection at Valvoline on Sardis Rd yesterday
I’m shocked Pediatrics published this. The study included over 2,000 kids, but only a third of the kids were confirmed to have COVID-19.
Thank you! It's reset now.
I was there this morning and didn’t get kicked out or anything. I imagine it’s going to be hard to close parks that don’t have gates but I’d bet like the bathrooms and stuff would close.
Was there two days ago. All normal. I don't think they can close it per se, but they can order a shelter in place and kick people out if things go south. I believe Italy allowed everyone to be outdoors up to one hour a day, and to keep their distance.
Uncertain
I'm upvoting you as your concern is valid but I also disagree with you for the most part. In my opinion, $1000 per adult in every household is a significant amount to vast portions of the population. That would be enough for me to cover my rent, and most of my bills. That's all my family needs during a time of crisis.    With that said, do all tax brackets need to receive it? Probably not, but those who don't need it should decline or as you mentioned pass it to those in need.   I think the bigger question is, what will be the long-term repercussions to society and the economy of an emergency UBI package? Especially since there's no VAT or wealth tax funding at the moment.   E: also mortgage and rent freezes would go along way right now as well
Most recent info on this is that it may be $2,000 for each adult who filed a tax return and made less than either $65-$75K, it is not certain yet on the cutoff.[https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/03/18/trump-coronavirus-economic-plan/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/03/18/trump-coronavirus-economic-plan/)   For me, WAPO is my go to source to factual info.
It’ll go far if all people are buying js food.  If mortgages are forgiven and utilities stay on I don’t see a problem
Cutting $1000 checks to everyone with an SSN is infinitely faster and cheaper than setting up a website that crashes immediately and requires you to fill out an application and wait for someone to review the application and then cut the check.  That money is needed NOW. We don't have time to decide who needs it. If the fed can print $2.2 Trillion to pump into the markets, they can print $250 Billion to keep people from starving and losing their homes. Especially when the market won't ever recover if workers start dying en-mass.
I saw an article saying Trader Joe’s was giving bonuses to staff. This is the one business sector that is going to see a boom in sales. We all got to eat and no restaurants are open.
Thank you, that is very nice to hear. We did receive a (not too hefty) bonus and I’m so thankful to even have a job still.
I’m really glad to hear you’ve had a good experience. I’ve been trying to share a smile with everyone I pass, it makes a difference overall I think.
Somebody has already taken my offer, but I'm open to multiple recipients.  Thank you for suggesting a community support megathread. I think that's a great idea.
Yep. I had to go get some groceries Saturday and put some gas in my car Monday (being very aware and distant!). I am honestly astonished by the lack of precaution and awareness to the situation that people are not practicing right now. So many vulnerable old people not giving a shit right now.
Ive had this same exact problem. What form did you fill out to have them contact you?
The icing on the cake is that I’m supposed to move on the 28th but now without an income idk how I’m going to pay for anything + the rent of my current apartment because nobody wants to look at/sublet a new apartment when we are all in quarantine. coolcoolcoolcoolcool
I'm down to my last pop tart. But I do have 8 sticks of butter...
Did you toast it or eat it straight out of the package like a savage?
Oh damn I haven’t done this since high school. Excellent shit. Truly excellent.
Ghost poops are the best.
I call this a "poodini." Well, a true poodini is no wipe, but  guess you have to wipe once to figure that out!
That’s terrible news. Teddy Bridgewater costs more than Cam would’ve next year and has only ever played one full season in his entire career. It’s a terrible deal.   Cam misses one season to a foot injury and you’re pleased to get a replacement who hasn’t played more than half a season since his major injury on a contract that costs more than Cams?
Is it though? That's a huge contract for Teddy
https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.03.15.20036582v1  The abstract sums it up nicely
That info today saying that NC has no way of testing enough people and showing how far behind other states we are was scary. We need a state wide shutdown right now until we can get adequate testing done. Waiting another week is dumb.
\#Pray4UBI
I just got my freelance business off the ground a month ago. Now it’s all dead in the water. I picked an excellent time to start something new...
Thank you SO MUCH for your work.
This actually IS the document presented to the White House and cohorts. It is the reason why their response (UBI and the like) has ramped up in the past 24 hours.
godspeed
Pages 10-12 show a strategy where a lockdown period is declared every time ICU cases begin to peak, then is lifted to allow the next wave of spread and ICU cases.    We're looking at two years where we go between periods of total lock-down, and periods of allowing some of us to go out so we can get & spread the virus to begin the next round of severe cases and deaths.    I recommend reading about gardening, baking, cooking, home economics because our Great Depression is here.  If you have these skills, start sharing them with the people around you.  It won't be long before food security becomes a prominent concern.
This is what all of them I've talked to are doing. Obviously not going to throw it out or let it rot in place
Oh no! Lives are being saved! Responsible business owners not selfish greedy pricks.
Detox and turn their life around?
Imagine that. I’d love to see it. Put them all at The Mountaineer Inn
Their position was that they did not want to wait for peer reviews, given the urgency of the situation. We are in a new era.
It's not nothing, but what about the months after that?  It's nice, but it's no fix for losing jobs for who knows how long. :-\\
Fair enough but I feel this is just a knee jerk reaction because we never had a plan for such a situation.  I have seen different plans thrown about in the news but I believe all tax brackets receive something.  It might be a sliding scale.
Perhaps but I suspect a fair share of people will not be responsible with what they receive.  Just think of how many people purchase recklessly with their tax returns.  Edit: Lol at the downvotes.
Interesting. Good looks. That didn’t show up for me when I first looked
Same! Definitely would like to know what you filled out so that I can try as well. Website keeps crashing and I can’t even log into my account.
It was on their “contact us” page, in the section below their phone number. You can submit your question they can reply to via email or phone
Boil with salt
Today I toasted it. Will try going raw in a few. Will report back
I thought this was a commentary on the coinciding lack of toilet paper and lack of need for attention to hygiene 🤦🏼‍♀️
Teddy was out here throwing 6 yard passes for a few a games with a good roster and people really think he’s the savior? They’re going to be real disappointed.
I wanted to ride out this year with Newton but he hasn't been healthy since the day of the Steelers game in 2018. I understand their business decision as much as I hate seeing him go. Bridgewater is set to only make a million or two more than Newton and below just about every other quarterback.
It's actually not. He's getting less than just about every other starting QB
I feel you.  This whole thing has been a slow motion trainwreck that only 1/2 of us are looking at.  Edit: And our entire country so far behind many other countries.   Good luck.
Haven’t done much yet. But it’s coming.
I'm not complaining, I'm just sad.
I don't think he was talking about the *recovering* alcoholics and addicts but those who are active and can't get their "supply".
God forbid someone who uses substances leading any semblance of a productive life right 🙄
I assumed they were already there
Good points amigo. Hard not to want quick  solutions when you see people posting that they'll be homeless in the next two weeks if they don't get any help.   This situation we're in is fairly unprecedented, a pandemic during a time of heavy globalisation and mass media at our fingertips. True, we probably could have been more prepared.... but our congress probably wouldn't have ever agreed on a bipartisan plan until an emergency like this occurred.... TBD
Well they are idiots
Would you delete your other comment? Just to prevent misinformation.
Like I said, its huge for Teddy. And not really a step forward for the Panthers
But more than Newton would've received.
It's all deeply sad. Hang in there.
LUL "productive"
Could y'all quit this civilized debate?  You are setting a good example.
Not this year
*hugs from 10 feet away*
Was it not one year @ 20M for Bridgewater and 19M for Newton?
Cap hit for Bridgewater is 14 million this year
I stand corrected. In that case, I'd prefer the QB with injury issues that I know to the QB with injury issues that I don't.
Bridgewater played last year, 400 snaps. Knee seemed fine

Thank you to all the Buncombe county health workers here today at the free UNCA COVID-19 testing site. Y'all are so greatly appreciated by me, my family, and our community.

They are heroes. How was your experience? Was the line long (I'm assuming that line of cars is for testing.) Any ideas of when to come to get the least of the wait.  And hope you got the news you needed from the test!
What are the requirements for getting tested here?
How many cars did you see go through?  Curious how many people in Asheville "think" they have it.
I hope everyone seeking a test is symptomatic.
I’m wondering the ease at which you guys in Asheville are getting tested compared to Austin Texas. (I have a place in Asheville). Many people here are saying you have to meet extremely tight criteria to be tested even if you have symptoms you are not guaranteed a test.  You practically had to have been traveling or been in contact with a known patient.  Quite a few people on different social media sites are saying they or their kids are sick but no test.  Same thing happening in Asheville?
Testing will occur tomorrow at the same sites from 2-6.    [https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18547](https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18547)
I went yesterday. The tests are slow to get back unfortunately. Will know either Friday or saturday. The line wasnt long, though. The experience and the advice given was nice. Hope it comes back negative cuz I've had a fever for a few days and my apartment mate isnt taking it seriously ;-;
Were you tested? I’m mostly curious because of the supposed requirement that you’ve been exposed to a *known* covid-19 case, but how would an average person know if they’ve been exposed by a stranger at their work or just in public?
Thank you, this is great to hear.
Yesterday it was above 100.5 fever and a cough or difficulty breathing. I assume a negative flu test is implied since those don't take long but I'm not sure about that. According to /u/JeffJacksonNC the requirements may get more strict due to test supppy chain shortages.
I went through yesterday at around 4pm and I overheard someone say they had performed 28 tests at that time. 🤷 I don't necessarily think I have it but I do have a cough and a slight fever and I'm rarely sick. I went out of an abundance of caution.
Seems so, so far.
We had a confirmed case come through our city for 3 days. Hence why we can get tests and areas with no confirmed visitors cannot.
I mean, it's in a parking lot on the edge of campus.. it's not like sick folks are walking through buildings. I imagine it's not that big of a deal.
Yes I got tested. That is a requirement in a lot of places but not here in Asheville. If you have a cough and a fever you can get tested.
When I went through I told them I was only running a fever of 100.0 and had a cough and that was enough. They aren't checking temps, just taking your word for it.
Did they actually test you? If so what were your instructions until the results are in?
Ok, thanks for responding. The Buncombe Co requirements initially listed on their website for these testing places included know contact. I guess that’s not being enforced, which I’m glad about.  Also, good luck- I hope it’s not covid-19!
That's good! Did they require a negative flu test?
Ok. I don't really see that being a problem at UNCA. Someone would really have to go out of their way to go in a building.
I think the phrasing was confusing.   requirements are:  Cough AND fever.  Or Known contact AND (Cough or fever).
No
Ah, ok. Their Facebook post yesterday @9:37 specifically said fever, cough, and contact, but now I see their linked site in that post lists them as separate requirements. Still glad to hear you were able to get tested quickly and easily!

List of AVL businesses taking action to fight the spread of COVID 19!

I've been hunkered down the past few days, but I thought there should be a community resource for what businesses are safest during this epidemic and where rationing is happening. So here you go!  **Please contribute any precautions you have observed to promote businesses that are taking this seriously!**
Christopher's Computers is doing a variety of services remotely to help keep people's computer running while they are isolating.  Edit:  Website if anyone needs the info.  https://www.christopherscomputers.com/phone/index.html
Doesn’t work well on mobile.
Thanks, added to list! If you notice any other businesses managing this well I'd love to hear about that too!

COVID-19 Megathread - March 19th Thursday edition
**Keep all general Coronavirus postings here to prevent the subreddit from getting clogged. We will leave other important threads/announcements up but may redirect discussion to here.**---#Helpful Links and Information:- **Information on how to obtain** [**COVID-19 testing locally** from the county's website](https://www.buncombecounty.org/Governing/Depts/Health/news_detail.aspx?newsid=18547) and [Citizen-Times] (https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/17/coronavirus-what-you-need-know-asheville-nc-march-17/5062153002/)- [Governor Cooper's Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/nc_governor) with [executive orders](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-response-north-carolina) in place- Apply for [**Unemployment Benefits here**](https://des.nc.gov)- **Dine-in service at all restaurants is now prohibited. Listing of take-out restaurants that are still open can be found [here.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/10myGYMeN0yovKmwoZgam91TgNDc37huzkqOHOxrg_y0/htmlview#gid=0) Public schools are closed through the end of the month. Practice social distancing and avoid large crowds.** - Listing of [Free Lunch Pickup Locations](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/17/asheville-restaurants-feeding-kids-free-while-school-out/5066111002/) for school children- Be sure to read over u/JeffJacksonNC's post history for general updates on the state of things.- [Live data tracking of cases in every region](https://ncov2019.live/data) and [map tracker](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)- [Federal tax PAYMENT deadline extended to July 15th,](https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2020-03-17/april-15-tax-payment-deadline-irs-delayed-coronavirus) BUT you must still file by April 15th. State tax payment deadline is TBD.------ ***If you have any of the symptoms listed below, please contact your healthcare provider, consider getting tested immediately, and do enact a 14-day self quarantine for the good of the community.*****Symptoms** of the Coronavirus are similar to a flu and may include but not limited to:* Runny nose* Sore throat* Cough* Fever* Pneumonia* Difficulty breathing * Digestive issues* [Useful chart of Symptoms and their likelihood of being COVID-19 or not](https://imgur.com/8qLtSrw)------Other relevant links/subreddits:- r/NorthCarolina- r/CoronaNC- r/Coronavirus- r/COVID19- r/COVID19Positive- [Basic precautions to help the spread of Covid-19](https://www.reddit.com/r/AshevilleTest/comments/fl8b4d/precautions_and_selfcare_for_coronavirus)- [Yesterday's megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fknxwz/covid19_megathread_wednesday_march_18th)- *Last request: please keep political arguments, vendettas, and shitposting to an absolute minimum in the megathread. Please use this thread to get questions answered and share factual information!*
Our sidewalks are not large enough to keep a 6-foot distance...
Let's discuss tda funds.  First I think they employ 30 or so, 20 of which can be laid off now.  It's just business and they can be hired back when needed.  With the funds(keep in mind most of these are well paid positions that should be) they should immediately hire folks to work on infrastructure in Asheville.  Better infrastructure, means  happier tourist when tourism comes back.  There's no need to be running ads at this time which should free up more cash  Fixing side walks etc could be the things they tackle
Cross post from another thread specifically about unemployment.  This specifically comes from a Chamber of Commerce email:  From an Asheville Chamber of Commerce Email sent today:  Governor Cooper expands unemployment insurance with new executive order   Several restrictions on unemployment insurance have been lifted for North Carolina workers affected by coronavirus, thanks to an executive order from the state governor's office.   Here's a quick rundown the order:   1.      Removes the one week waiting period to apply  2.      Removes the requirement that a person must look for another job during this time   3.      Allows employees who lose their jobs or have hours reduced to apply for benefits  4.      Permits applicants to apply for benefits remotely via phone or online   5.      Employers will not be held responsible for benefits paid as a direct result of COVID-19 claims
Just a little north of 2800 new cases yesterday. Crushed the over of 2500. Today we might hit 4K new cases even with the current bottle necks in testing. The community spread is real guys. We are about 20 days behind from getting a picture of where and how prevalent the disease is. Good luck everyone the odds are not in our favor on this one  My hot take: we will be a little south of 6k  [The data I use shows that North Carolina just recognized it’s 100th case](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com)
If you have resources, gifts, or opportunities to share with the community in this time of need, please consider posting it in the other megathread:  https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fl89mn/community_resource_roundup_thread_help_a_brotha
Does anyone know the current wait time from test to results in North Carolina? Specifically buncombe county
https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/18/restaurants-asheville-whats-open-and-delivering/2864847001/  Our family is trying to order from a different restaurant every night.  Minimizing human contact of course.
Wow. Poor New York.   I urge if you know anyone in New York to try and convince them to get out of there. The scenes from Milan are horrific, I don’t even want to imagine that happening in New York
My tracker has shown no new cases for Washington state in the past two days. Can someone confirm this?  Late dump from Washington confirms 189 cases, but the numbers suggest they would’ve seen a bigger jump.
[Stu Helms' list of open restaurants doing takeout](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/10myGYMeN0yovKmwoZgam91TgNDc37huzkqOHOxrg_y0/htmlview#gid=0)
[**Asheville & WNC Coronavirus Community - Updates & Support**](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ashevillecoronavirus/?__cft__[0]=AZUE9_BjVNualw6cjVD-kh1Y4PpugFtYkFo-rHXNOpvllsREQjcTEZCIVD19kRKmeibX-M3s4r7GXVfZ-UBPm61wmPkbdZ5GpP99UGfkApclLAZTLgGoy_PwBUJFN5LanlFE3iE0iEJxn_GB0M8qFCBQJpcB9nhI7lH0-19XpVQprw&__tn__=-UC%2CP-y-R) **- this FB group has lots of resources, including a virtual mental health support group, service and job listings, volunteer opportunities, a list of business closings and restaurants that are offering takeout, and more.**
[busting coronavirus myths](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VhW-aF1Mi4)
Please add digestive issues to the list of symptoms. It's thought to occur in 40% of cases.  Additionally, pneumonia is a common occurrence in mild to moderate cases. Difficulty breathing is a common symptom, not only in severe cases.  Edit: scientific info re: pneumonia  https://pubs.rsna.org/doi/10.1148/radiol.2020200527  Edit: Please do your due diligence on the CDC. They are absolutely NOT a reliable resource. It does not take much digging to ascertain this with the use of legitimate provable facts.  Folks, need to wake up and do their own research and listen to health care worker leaks and health care workers who have not yet been muzzled.   The governments are lying.
Walk on the street or wait in a driveway for someone to pass. It's super awkward but you gotta be cautious.
Any idea if they are opening up unemployment benefits to independent contractors ( who normally don't receive them during a normal unemployment ) due to so many places being closed?
5 plus days
I didn't know that a few of my favorite places actually deliver!! Awesome.
We're going to jump to one just due to our population. Per capita is a far better representation.
Stu, like Mackensay in the ACT article did yesterday, overlooked the fact that Mellow Mushroom at 50 Broadway (828-236-9800) is open for take out. They use over 50 local vendors.
Added to description above, thank you!
Actually only 9ish% ... Per the WHO:  [https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/who-china-joint-mission-on-covid-19-final-report.pdf](https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/who-china-joint-mission-on-covid-19-final-report.pdf)  " Symptoms of COVID-19 are non-specific and the disease presentation can range from no symptoms (asymptomatic) to severe pneumonia and death.As of 20 February 2020 and   Based on 55924 laboratory confirmed cases, typical signs and symptoms include: fever (87.9%), dry cough (67.7%), fatigue (38.1%), sputum production (33.4%), shortness of breath (18.6%), sore throat (13.9%), headache (13.6%), myalgiaor arthralgia (14.8%), chills (11.4%), nausea or vomiting (5.0%), nasal congestion (4.8%), diarrhea (3.7%), and hemoptysis (0.9%), and conjunctival congestion (0.8%) "
Good call about possible digestive issues to start. Maybe TP hoarding was justified (kidding of course).  Do you have examples of where the governments are lying?
lol why did this get downvoted to oblivion
Keep Asheville wEIrD
I understand your frustration about the earlier COVID-19 post and in retrospect, perhaps we could have come to a better agreement about letting that post through. I admit that I didn't know what an event the virus would become and how it would effect our community.  It is not my intention to censor information; in the previous post, my intention was to maintain /r/Asheville as a sub for Asheville and WNC and your post didn't fit that at the time. Your current post about Richard Burr is relevant to /r/Asheville but had already been posted. I don't believe that we need multiple posts about the same topic when the discussion can happen in one place. I have been moderating other repeat posts and discussions for the same reason.  People are coming here for information and I hope that they can find it quickly and easily and not have to sort through repeat threads. The mod team welcomes feedback, especially right now in these circumstances and I hope that you feel heard. We appreciate your contributions to the sub and hope that everyone continues to help the sub be a good source of information.
Looks like everything that was removed was pretty redundant. Isn’t that the point of moderation?
Yeah I noticed people doing that on my walk already.....
Thanks
Don't forget medical costs and bills will definitely help drive people to keep going out and potentially spreading it here. Wild to see the spike from 6000 to 11000 in like a few days
Unfortunately, the CDC and the WHO are not reliable resources. It does not take much digging to uncover this. Thankfully, there are tons of great peer reviewed scientific journals that we have access to. r/COVID19
Governments have always lied during pandemics for a multitude of reasons from profit to preventing riots, and National Security. The Spanish Flu was named after Spain only because they were neutral at the time and were more honest about their numbers. All other countries lied their asses off.   The same thing is happening today and it merely takes some digging to uncover. The proof is everywhere,  at the same time there is a global media blackout, it does require time and critical thinking.  This is the 1st part of a video essay (with reliable sources), it sets the stage to what we are dealing with.   https://youtu.be/LIIn1H6ZOO8   The thumbnail looks sensational, but the documentary is anything but.  Part two is out as well and equally important. From there, come join us at r/coronavirus  It is our civic duty to educate our selves, and to stay home. This is not a drill.  Edit: I'll never understand why y'all downvote pleas for self-education. Why? What is it that you support?
Some rando on the internet telling people to distrust the CDC? Yeah that's a downvote.
Probably for calling the CDC "absolutely not a reliable source" and making the blanket statement "\[All\] the governments are lying".  A more level-headed way of making the point would be, "the official numbers and representation of the situation will always lag behind reality, and a complex disease will be simplified for the sake of public messaging.  There are other, less common symptoms of the disease not being mentioned.  If testing were readily available, we might be hearing about gastrointestinal symptoms and encouraging those exhibiting Covid-19's less common symptoms to be tested.  But since tests are scarce, public messaging is dropping mentions of peripheral symptoms and only focusing on those most common"  When symptoms like digestive problems  appear in a small percentage of those testing positive for COVID-19, we can't automatically assume that all their symptoms are due to COVID-19 and not some unrelated underlying condition of which we have no knowledge.  It is sufficient that the government inform the public of the most common symptoms AND the fact that you can be an asymptomatic carrier for up to 2 weeks, or an average  of 12 days, before you start to experience symptoms.  Can you find more information on the virus than the CDC is putting out there?  Absolutely.  Are they lying to you?  While the insufficient data isn't always giving us a clear picture, and long-term projections and strategies aren't always discussed frankly with the public, the CDC is not lying to you.
I personally enjoy the clean up of redundant posts. Thank you.
I’d be so pissed if I were mad at you and you gave me this articulate and political response you sonofabitch
Hey you're doing a great job
I play Dodge a Human on my walks while waving at them. Hopefully everyone knows it's nothing personal.
Here's a sneak peek of /r/COVID using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/COVID/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!  \#1: [Cone of Shame](https://i.redd.it/4g4louyp7ql41.png) | [1 comment](https://np.reddit.com/r/COVID/comments/fggwlv/cone_of_shame/)   \#2: [It really be like that](https://i.redd.it/98y10qf3d6n41.jpg) | [4 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/COVID/comments/fk0ai3/it_really_be_like_that/)   \#3: [Must wash hands for 20 secs](https://i.redd.it/g23064vjh6l41.jpg) | [3 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/COVID/comments/feq3dk/must_wash_hands_for_20_secs/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/ciakte/blacklist_vi/)
> why y'all downvote   "Do your own research" and youtube links for evidence makes you sound like like an anti-vaxxer whether you are or not.
Thanks 😰
Yeah, for telling people what they said was stupid, we’ve all gotten that feedback. I’d rather not have to downvote and rely on other people to do the same when someone posts the same article for an 11th time outside the mega thread.
The call for self-education makes me sound like a nut? Such strange times.
no, posting conspiracy wall of text backed by youtube does.
Perhaps the larger lesson being... much like if social distancing works, it will have seemed unnecessary - if moderation works, the hope is that we’re unaware of the things that don’t need to be there...
Well, yeah, I guess if I didn’t do my research about the topics that interest me that could be true. It doesn’t FEEL like a sheep move to be okay with someone doing their job (volunteer though, really) and doing it in a way that makes my life easier. Different strokes though!

Anyone here remember Victoria Dunkle? Apparently she is PR Director for AdventHealth | AdventHealth Medical Group teams provide COVID-19 testing for patients

Victoria Dunkle and Julie Wonder and that old creepy weather guy who was in the used car commercials for a while...the WLOS golden years.
You take that back- Bob Caldwell is a gem
>that old creepy weather guy who was in the used car commercials for a while  Bob Caldwell
Definitely creepy.

Unemployment Covid-19
Has anyone been approved for unemployment due to Coronavirus?? I filed mine yesterday and it says I’m ineligible with no reason as to why. Can’t get a hold of customer service at all so I’m wondering if anyone else is in the same boat!
In my case, my last check paid me for all of March since I’m paid once a month. So even though I’m already laid off, I am paid up through the end of the month so I cannot collect until April and have to apply then. Is this your case?
I’ve been approved but no word on when to expect to receive benefits.  Tomorrow would have been pay day so the rest of the serving staff and I haven’t been paid in 2 weeks, we are REALLY hoping to get paid tomorrow
My hours have been cut to around 20/wk does anyone know if I can collect to make up the slack?
That’s so weird how long did you have to wait
And the other state may be affecting it. What a mess!
This is not my case as the end of my pay period was Tuesday and I was laid off on that day. I just moved to Asheville so I’m wondering if it had to do with me previously working in another state??
Okay so how will you know if you are approved or denied? I’m saying I’m denied because under status it says “ineligible” but under the payment delay it says “pending resolution” it was saying this early this morning (I filed yesterday) but hours after this I got an email from them saying they’re still processing my request? I’m so confused. What was your experience like?
Yes
Have you worked long enough to build up your unemployment? I was on it years ago and ran out of my allotment. It took a few years of working after that to build up again so I was able to claim again if needed. Maybe that’s it? Sorry you are going through this!
You need to file in the state you came from.
i think you may have had to been employed for 6 months min to get benefits. definitely try calling the office, or contact your previous employed and see if there's *anything* they can do on their part.
My home page actually shows how much ill be receiving and the status says Open
Thanks, that's good to know. I expect things are going to get worse before it gets better....
Apparently I can’t. I don’t live there and I have received 3 paychecks from this current job.
Also yes

COVID-19 Megathread (7th Edition)
*^^posted ^^March ^^20th, ^^12:02am***Keep all general Coronavirus postings here to prevent the subreddit from getting clogged. We will leave other important threads/announcements up but will delete redundant postings as needed.**---#Helpful Links and Information:- [Buncombe County's COVID-19 Emergency Website](https://www.buncombecounty.org/covid-19/default.aspx). -  The county has banned [all gatherings of more than 10 people](https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18565) and [closed numerous business](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/19/coronavirus-covid-19-wnc-buncombe-orders-venues-businesses-close/2874579001/) that are considered non-essential.- County run testing sites are [closed down until further notice.](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/20/buncombe-test-sites-closed-march-20/2884594001/)- [Governor Cooper's Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/nc_governor) with [executive orders](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-response-north-carolina) in place- Apply for [**Unemployment Benefits here**](https://des.nc.gov)- Listing of [Free Lunch Pickup Locations](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/17/asheville-restaurants-feeding-kids-free-while-school-out/5066111002/) for school children- If you need **childcare** anywhere in the state, call 1-888-600-1685 to be connected with resources for that.- Listing of take-out restaurants that are still open can be found [here.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/10myGYMeN0yovKmwoZgam91TgNDc37huzkqOHOxrg_y0/htmlview#gid=0)- [Asheville Rapid Transit buses will be free as of March 20th + social distancing measures added to rides](https://www.ashevillenc.gov/news/asheville-installs-social-distancing-measures-on-art-buses-during-covid-19-public-health-emergency/)- [Update: Federal tax FILING deadline extended to July 15th,](https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2020-03-17/april-15-tax-payment-deadline-irs-delayed-coronavirus). State tax payment deadline is April 15th at this time.------ ***If you have any of the symptoms listed below, please contact your healthcare provider, consider getting tested immediately, and do enact a 14-day self quarantine for the good of the community.*****Symptoms** of the Coronavirus are similar to a flu and may include but not limited to:* Runny nose* Sore throat* Cough* Fever* Pneumonia* Difficulty breathing * Digestive issues* [Useful chart of Symptoms and their likelihood of being COVID-19 or not](https://imgur.com/8qLtSrw)------Other relevant links/subreddits:- r/NorthCarolina- r/CoronaNC- r/Coronavirus- r/COVID19- r/COVID19Positive- [Live data tracking of cases in every region](https://ncov2019.live/data) and [map tracker](https://data.vcstar.com/coronavirus/)- [Basic precautions to help the spread of Covid-19](https://www.reddit.com/r/AshevilleTest/comments/fl8b4d/precautions_and_selfcare_for_coronavirus)------- [List of previous megathreads](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/search?q=covid%20megathread&restrict_sr=on&include_over_18=off&sort=new&t=all)*If you have any questions or suggestions regarding moderation/megathreads please send a DM to r/Asheville. We're all in this together.*
Seems like now would be a good time for all super PAC political ads to stop and maybe reuse those funds for general citizen well-being
Another confirmed case in WNC:  https://wlos.com/news/local/second-case-of-covid-19-reported-in-western-north-carolina
We should all forget the gloom and doom for a minute and go out and look at the sunrise. It's absolutely stunning right now.
Check out the map towards the bottom. It's real good stuff to get a sense of how things could play out here in Buncombe County and other places in the country.  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/03/20/us/coronavirus-model-us-outbreak.html  Three scenarios are shown and for Buncombe county the following is given for Infections by August 1st:  * No transmission reduction: Estimated infected people: 210k, Estimated Peak in late May * Some control measures: Estimated infected people: 130k, Estimated Peak in mid-July * Severe control measures: Estimated infected people: 2,100 Estimated Peak after July 31st  This really does just hammer in the point about how important it is to get ahead of this thing. I am so glad that we live in a state that is taking this seriously. Stay healthy, stay happy, and stay safe y'all.
Is the drive through testing still happening in Buncombe? If so, does anybody know at what fever threshold they'll conduct a test? I've had intermittent cough and sore throat for a week now and my temperature is at 99 today when it's usually in the mid-97s.
Will COVID-19 impact the transit system, does anyone have an update on that?
US CV cases by states in comparison to NY. Can NC flatten our curve before it's too late? [https://www.usatoday.com/in-depth/news/2020/03/18/u-s-coronavirus-growth-rates-show-many-states-could-close-behind-new-york/5072663002/](https://www.usatoday.com/in-depth/news/2020/03/18/u-s-coronavirus-growth-rates-show-many-states-could-close-behind-new-york/5072663002/)
4,3,2,1.... lockdown announcement today.
/u/ivemadeahugemistake  Sick of me yet? Can we sort by new please. Thank you :)
Is anyone else hearing these helicopters?
Yesterday we reached a little shy of 5k new cases. I’m not sure what today will bring but it’ll be parabolic. Our testing is lagging behind and trump isn’t fulfilling his commitments supplying us with his beautiful tests.   New York’s numbers are scary. They confirmed almost 2500 new cases in New York alone. If you have any friends or loved ones in New York, you should try to convince them to leave. In two weeks New York will be the worst hit city in the world.   Washington state is interesting, as it is the epicenter for the United States. The trend line for this state has flattened a little. I’m not sure what measures they’ve put in place or if the irregularities in the numbers are caused by lack of testing.   Charlotte received 17 new cases becoming one of 2 hot cities in North Carolina. Charlotte sits right behind Raleigh with 31 total cases. Pay close attention to nc numbers today. We are starting off the day with 139 cases. Over 1/4 of the 100 nc counties have been infected.   Stay safe   [source](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com)
What’s the consensus on hiking/fishing/stuff in the woods?
Most golf courses still open?
Check this out. Mind the source, but also mind the date. OP continues down through ten or so threads    [4chan prophet ](https://archive.4plebs.org/pol/thread/241674007/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Damn he tested positive after going to a contra dance... Shit's about to blow up.
You were right, thanks!
I agree.  Almost every post on this sub is about how bad it is presumably getting.  Lots of fear mongering and people acting as if testing positive is an automatic death sentence.
Closed today, 3/20. No reason yet. [https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/20/buncombe-test-sites-closed-march-20/2884594001/](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/03/20/buncombe-test-sites-closed-march-20/2884594001/) I don't know about private testing sites.
I think the UNCA testing is still open. The UNC testing unit is at the Tailgate Market spot if you google that. The address should take you straight to it. If that's not open, I believe MAHEC at Biltmore has testing zones open - please call their family health office before going and they should be able to direct you to the quarantined testing zone
100.3  degrees or higher is the medical establishment's definition of a fever, but the real fact to know is that the criteria for who will be tested is going to change over the course of the pandemic.    At this point, with limited tests available, they're trying to save them for medical personel, and group-living residents.    So you may be advised to stay at home and monitor your symptoms if they are not serious.  But that's something you need to discuss with your doctor or a medical professional.    And you should bookmark the county website for quick access to official answers.  Here's the latest news on the Testing Sites     [https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18547](https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18547)   **Updated: 3.19.20**  Today the State announced the first case of community spread of  COVID-19 in North Carolina. As we continue into this new phase of  response, testing for COVID-19 in people with mild illness will  transition to a more focused testing approach for hospitalized patients,  healthcare personnel, and residents of congregate living settings.   This is an evolving situation and we are continuing to assess the  needs of our community. Community testing sites are being reevaluated to  ensure the most effective use of resources. Check  www.buncombecounty.org for updates on testing sites. We will continue to  post information here as it is available.   **What to do and when to seek medical evaluation and advice:**  If you or your child have fever AND cough or difficulty breathing,  call your healthcare provider or an urgent care if you do not have a  healthcare provider.  * Do NOT show up at your healthcare provider’s office or the urgent care without calling first. * Do NOT go to the emergency room. Emergency rooms need to be able to serve the most critically ill. * If you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1 and tell them your symptoms. * If you do not have a healthcare provider and cannot afford to be  seen at an urgent care, call 828-250-5300 to speak with a Communicable  Disease (CD) nurse at BCHHS. Leave a message and a CD nurse will return  your call as quickly as possible.  &#x200B;  ###
I saw this morning buses are free. Have to enter/exit back of bus. Hand sanitizer on board too.   Parking garages & meters free as well.
Although I hope you are correct as it's what is needed, not going to happen. Supreme Leader is too scared of his base. Even if he did, the dont tread on me crowd wouldn't listen.
No chance. Futures are up 5%. No way Donnie dick fingers is going to fuck that up going into the weekend. Open your eyes it’s about the $$$ right now.   until we start putting out 1k+ daily deaths we are stuck in the loop of pumping the private sector.  I should note we are not too far away from that death figure. Today I’m seeing around 85ish new deaths  Huge red candle on the 15min chart. It’s hilarious that Wall Street is rejecting fed intervention.
We've been seeing that rumor pop up on r/asheville for a week now. I doubt it's true.  But I can almost guarantee you that there are multiple cases here in Buncombe and surrounding counties that are currently undetected or test results pending.
I got it! Thanks for the reminder!
No.  I guess they're just following you.
I'm very close to the airport and it's been the same helicopter activity from what I can tell
Instead of telling people that are in a high positive area to leave, it would be better to tell them to isolate. Telling people that are possibly infected to travel, and spread it around just isn't great advice.  I know you're aware that we just had a visitor from NYS that tested positive while in Asheville, enjoying the area, exposing people.
Do it. Just stay six feet away from people.
S'all good
No problem!! I'm glad someone was enjoying it with me. I'm trying to start everyday doing something not related to "the virus". Yesterday I had my coffee with the elephants at the San Diego zoo, while they were having breakfast. They have some great live cams.  In some ways this reminds me of 9-11. There's such an influx of bad news, that it's really overwhelming. People that didn't have anxiety issues are starting to have them now. It's like constantly holding your breath, waiting for the other shoe to drop. For our own sanity, we all need to take a break from it once in a while.
There's no denying the fact that it's bad ... really bad. The time to sound the alarm in this country was back in January. Now is the time to step back for a second, take a deep breath and look at what we as individuals can do to mitigate the spread. People need to be as level headed about this as humanly possible.  Whipping people into a frenzy of fear is going to escalate trouble in other directions. Are people going to fear the supply chain for medication and food is going to be disrupted? Are they going to start looting what is left at this point? There was a question about a possible shortage of ammo here the other day.  I just think we could all benefit from the facts, and acting responsibly with that information.  Or maybe I'm just an asshole. Who knows.
Well shoot.
3 whole days. Good grief. And we won't know those results until next week.
Out of supplies, likely.
Sorry, but the UNCA site is not open either.
Does MAHEC test patients who are not their regular ones, do you know?
Got into an argument about how this is all a hoax made by leftist media
upvote for "Donnie dick fingers"
I'm off of new Leicester and I never hear helicopters. They've been going all morning.
Yeah, don't come here!  Staythefuckhome in your hometurf
Yes, we cant Have them spreading it to other areas
Okay I get that man, but one of my best friends lives in Brooklyn and is doing exactly that. They’re about to have bodies in the street up there. I don’t want him exposed to that. I offered a spot for him to quarantine down this way. I hope he takes it  He would be driving a car
Tell me that after the announcement this morning.   Btw I enjoyed the sunset with coffee this am too.
I think this is great to say and great to hear. Really, the best thing that we as a collective of people can do is the following:  * Stay at home. Seriously. Just stay home and limit your time outside. * Go to the grocery store when you run out of supplies and only buy what you need for the next week - maybe two. The supply chain is strong and isn't going anywhere. * Call your friends and families. Talk with them. Ask how they're doing. We all need to communicate and reach out and let each other know that we're in this together.
I saw the closures for UNCA shortly after posting. MAHEC is still open though
I think they'll test anyone
Like the mushrooms from Mario, that is according to Stormy Daniels
Interesting! I wonder if it's the national guard like people have been saying
Bodies in the street lol.  Ok, bud.
My best friend is in Manhattan, and my son is in Boston. Son wants to self-isolate and then drive down, but I am telling him to stay put.
All of my friends and family are in and around Boston. Boston isn't having a good time either. I told my SIL and nieces 6 weeks ago to come down here as they all have the ability to WFH. They thought I was crazy.  They called a couple of nights ago saying they wanted to come down. I love them, they are basically my only family. I told them that ship has sailed. They have not taken social distancing seriously until this past Monday. I'm at high risk of dying from the virus, not to mention the people they come into contact with on the way down. I once again explained about social distancing, and more importantly, isolation. It killed me to tell them no. I'm alone here, after 40 years together, my husband passed away recently. I want to be with my family so bad it's physically painful. But it isn't just about them, or me, it's about everyone they come in contact with also.  I am NOT trying to be a bitch, but you might do well by taking a walk outside. Your posts are becoming more alarmist every day. Saying there are going to be bodies in the street is ... disturbing. Honestly, I'm kind of worried about you.  I get that you're scared, we're all scared. Having a more measured tone would help all of us. Let's face it ... we all know we're fucked.
Not cool.  Stay away.
Haha!! We should have a virtual meet-up on our decks every morning to watch the sun rise.  See, I missed something. What announcement?
What announcement?
So well said, thank you!
it's not
That’s conjecture for sure but look at the numbers   * Repost from Dr. Jamie Bessich at NYU (Pulm/Crit Care Attg, Associate Director of Interventional Pulmonology at NYU) (3/18 PM): “We have 44 at NYU and 27 at Bellevue. We’ve created two new ICUs from regular floors and purchased 80 more vents. Get ready.“*   Nyc pop is 8.5. Take 80% of that and then a conservative 3% of that. What’s that number? Do they have the capacity for all those bodies in a one month period?  Milan is around 1.5 million. They’re using churches as morgue overflows
Best of luck to you and your family
Like I said I have a farm in the middle of nowhere that no one lives on that can house my friend. I understand not everyone can accommodate like I can. Mass isn’t quite in the position that New York City is in. They are setup for an apocalyptic disaster up there  Look at the way they are dealing with the bodies in Milan. Two weeks ago was the time to be an alarmist. At what point are we going to become realistic?   Economists are talking 20% unemployment. That’s Great Depression numbers. Nyc has the ability by itself to gum up the healthcare system.
Dude it’s not even in Asheville. It’s on a farm about 2.5 hours north. Total isolation no neighbors within 2 miles.
Wuhan is bigger and more densely populated than nyc.
Thanks. My husband is in the last stages of cancer, and my son would never get over the guilt if he brought the virus here. Every time we visit the cancer center we are asked about travel, fever, cough, and if we have been in *contact* with anyone who has traveled from an effected area. I would never want to have to tell them “yes.” The fear on the faces of all those immuno-suppressed patients in the waiting room is more than enough to strengthen my resolve to keep my family away.
2.5 hours north of Asheville is Tennessee or Virginia.  If people wanted to be somewhere else, they should have been there already.
Sure they were also in qt after day 8. And that was a complete lock down. Just look at the numbers... either this virus has become more dangerous or China under reported
~~You’re a fucking idiot~~ I know where my farm is
You clearly don’t know where north is.  Go grow fake pot somewhere else. Poser.
Where’s Sparta dude? Look on a map and tell me where Sparta is.  In b4 it’s north east though  https://imgur.com/a/bH6fOPd/
Ahhhh ... Sparta. Brings about visions of half naked men riding in chariots.
I live in Asheville you nit
Then how are you going to live on your farm with people from out of town?
Lol are you dense dude? I don’t live out there right now. No one does. I thought I made that clear.
It sure was nice of you to fully stock it for a month or more so that your friend doesn’t have to expose anyone on his way down.
I actually did my friend. Thanks for your concern

First Coronavirus Infection, Wake County


Coronavirus: How prepared is Buncombe for COVID-19?

I believe HCA has increased its stock in billing invoices and added staff to its collection department.
steps i am taking to protect myself:  - eating an entire SCOBY to boost my immune system  - rubbing lavender essential oils on my glans  - collecting all the dried soap off the pipes of the west village market bathroom  - boofing Chakra crystals  no way some Tecate virus is getting me
A very likely outcome at this point, as much as it sucks, is that 50% of everybody will get this by the end of the year.  Some are saying higher and that it is unstoppable now. We fucked up our window of opportunity.
Have you seen when it rains?
I don't know about Buncombe Co but can speak to Mission's response.  Mission is screening all patients and visitors on entry, asking about symptoms (fever, cough). Symptomatic people are masked and isolated, contact and airborne precautions.  Entrances have been reduced (to make sure everyone is screened).   Limited access after 7 pm (previously 9 pm).  No visitors younger than 12.  Mission has a COVID19 website with lots of resources if you want to find out more.
Wash your hands before eating.  It will be fine.
You can check out: r/coronanc and r/northcarolinacovid
I can tell you that as of yesterday they hadn't shared any protocol with employees (at least not the one I live with) re: what to do if a patient comes into the office coughing. The only instruction their department has received was that they were not to share any info publicly (which would violate HIPAA anyway). HCA seems to be more concerned with covering their asses than protecting their employees.
"Ah yes, we will charge thousands of dollars for testing for this highly contagious and deadly virus, so we can track it and know where it is traveling. Surely no one with symptoms would avoid the hospital because of the cost.   Our plan is fool proof."  \-Mission Health, probably
Relevant: [“Can the uninsured get tested?”](https://www.mediaite.com/news/watch-pence-spox-katie-miller-scolds-reporter-for-asking-can-the-uninsured-get-tested-for-coronavirus/)
Hindsight my dude. Well done.
*nice*
Yea, it's not as though it's twice as contagious as the flu and 340% more lethal.
Your opinion is unwelcome here. The spread of hate due to ignorance and fear is unacceptable. You clearly know very little about China.
This is hilarious coming from the guy who can't figure out how to read local news articles online.
This attitude has been prevalent in many hospitals across the US. It is exactly what a bug like this needs to keep spreading.
No one really needs to worry about what the test cost because they're not available  Edit: Wake up! Your government doesn't care about you. Educate yourself and take the appropriate measures!
The information being spread is so false. I'm not scared about the coronavirus in particular, but disgusted by our inability to tackle it because of our crooked profit-based health industry. Free healthcare for all is my number one voting priority because it benefits everyone (I am VERY ill, but don't need to go to the doctor much because they can't do anything about it, but my illness has made me realize how vital and precious health is.)
[It doesn't help assuage cost fears that those who were placed in mandatory quarantine are being charged thousands of dollars for it.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/29/upshot/coronavirus-surprise-medical-bills.html)
Wait 20-30 years for the next 60’s nostalgia craze. Rinse, repeat.
They have up to 84. This is coming from their med staff meeting going on right now.
𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜) #Nice Leaderboard **1.** `u/RepliesNice` at **3803 nices**  **2.** `u/cbis4144` at **1800 nices**  **3.** `u/randomusername123458` at **1298 nices**  **...**  **235852.** `u/BandySunker` at **1 nice**  ---  ^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS)
People are sheep. I officially give up on Americans  Edit: not you, but the malignantly optimistic-denial ridden-responsibility avoiding- fools
Actually our reporting rate is extremely flawed -very few people have even been tested in the US. So we have no accurate infection rate to create an accurate death rate. Restrictions were only lifted today. Chances are the death rate will be in the 1-2% range, which is still not good. Among the 70+ age group its more like 15% in China
our death rate is much worse because of a single retirement home that got infected...
What are the appropriate measures?
>It doesn't help assuage cost fears that those who were placed in mandatory quarantine are being charged thousands of dollars for it.  fuck this corrupt capitalist nightmare we have become
i didnt think you meant me, i didnt downvote.
Many people in America lack running water and indoor plumbing as well.
Again, you clearly know very little about China if you truly believe that. As someone with many loved ones from/in China, having spent time in China myself, you are simply wrong. I don't refute that it exists perhaps in the poorest areas, but the same can be said about anywhere in the world.  &#x200B;  But feel free to continue to spread ignorance as long as mods tolerate it.
Everyone needs to go the fuck inside and stay there. Everything needs to be shut down everywhere now. This is not an opinion, there will be no second chances here. It's not about if any one person is going to lives or dies, we are looking at a toll of human suffering that has not been seen since the 1918 Spanish flu
I can boil down the advice health agencies worldwide have been giving to two main tips: Wash your hands, don't touch your face.  If you can avoid crowded places and stay inside, do so. But since our country hates sick days and loves out of control capitalism, if you need to go out, there are some smart tips to follow:  * **Wash. Your. Hands.** 20 seconds at minimum (try singing the Happy Birthday song twice), under *hot* water. While the virus is airborne through droplets in the air, you're *much* more likely to get it by touching a surface someone infected touched, and then touching your face without washing your hands. * **Do NOT touch your face.** This is the main way you'll get the virus - from touching an infected surface, and then unconsciously touching your face with unsanitized hands. * **Disinfect objects you use daily.** Your phone, your keys, your keyboard, etc. You'll be touching these with unwashed hands a lot, so it's important to wipe them down with a clorox wipe or antiseptic wipe at the end of the day. * **Minimize person-to-person contact**. Like I said, the main way this virus will spread is through physical contact, not someone coughing in your face. Avoid handshakes, hugs, and kisses whenever you can. * **Try to keep 6 ft distance between you and other people.** The WHO has said that the virus most easily spreads through the air when you're closer than 6 ft to an infected person. Try to keep your distance, especially on public transit. * **Avoid non-necessary group gatherings and trips.** Try to stay away from crowded spaces whenever possible. Reschedule that sports game, movie trip, or flight to grandma's if possible.  **Things to not worry about:** masks. Masks won't do much for you day-to-day, and people hoarding them has created a shortage for healthcare providers and first responders who actually need them.  Like I've been saying, the main way people are catching this virus isn't through being in the same room as someone coughing, but rather touching surfaces the infected person touches after coughing. Carry some antibacterial wipes with you to wipe down surfaces, wear gloves, carry hand sanitizer - whatever measure works for you, do it.  The virus isn't going to spread to you if you're on one side of a store and someone coughs on the other side. It *will* spread if you grab the handle of the grocery cart that infected person just let go, though. Then you'll touch your face with your hands, giving the virus a way in to your body.
I have a horrid feeling we're not going to know how far this virus has spread until the vulnerable start dying off at an alarming rate. Officials are telling people they want to absolutely monitor the spread of the virus, but also telling people that if you have mild symptoms, you won't be tested because we fucked up the roll out of tests and we don't have enough. Despite the fact that the majority of the cases *have only mild symptoms*. Plus you have to pay thousands for the tests anyway.  People won't get tested because they can't afford it. People won't quarantine because they can't afford to miss work and don't get sick days. People won't keep their kids home from school or daycare because they can't skip work to look after quarantined kids. Our system is literally set up to ensure the worst possible scenario in this situation.
To have an accurate death rate we would be assuming that we know who has the disease. Thats the problem.  we dont.   Who here has been tested? Less than a thousand have been tested nation wide.  Edit: the lack of knowing who has covid 19 is what the real problem is, we’re cluelessly spreading it
the same people who are fucked whenever any sort of virus spreads... the elderly, immunocompromised, and those with underlying conditions
And lack of access to proper medical care. It's such an issue that we have humanitarian groups from overseas setting up the same mobile medical clinics they use in remote villages in Africa in places like Alabama and Tennessee.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8086077/amp/Hotel-China-holding-coronavirus-victims-quarantine-collapses.html?__twitter_impression=true  BASED CHINA IS SO GREAT. IF YOU DISAGREE U ARE RACIST
>we are looking at a toll of human suffering that has not been seen since the 1918 Spanish flu  Quite probably larger, according to predictions. The Spanish Influenza infected about a third (33%) of the world's population. The WHO has predicted around 40-70% of the world's population will get COVID-19.  Self-quarantine measures are incredibly important, not just for yourself, but for your community around you. Cancel all non-necessary trips. Buy a lot of supplies *now* so you don't have to go to stores often. Avoid crowded areas. The virus is coming here. It's a matter of when, not if. Be prepared.
what blows my mind is I read a medical professional explaining how the tests only cost around $\~10 in reagents and maybe a little more for labor. Nowhere near the 4 digits I've seen people claim they were charged. I hope I live to see the day where the health insurance industry burns to the ground.
WHO published by whats available now. They are not data scientists. They are merely doing the math with what are woefully under reported numbers. An article in the economist that is helpful is unfortunately behind a pay wall [https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2020/03/07/tourism-flows-and-death-rates-suggest-covid-19-is-being-under-reported](https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2020/03/07/tourism-flows-and-death-rates-suggest-covid-19-is-being-under-reported)   I am by no means suggesting that the comments made by our idiot in chief are in any way valid.   I for one am terrified in that if my elderly parents contract the virus they will die. All it takes is for some infected  kid in the supermarket who shows no symptoms getting their hands all over everything in the store. I think we’re close to the boiling point
If folks were doing the research they would know that it actually becomes much more deadly after the age of 30
Exactly. Kids are relatively resistant, but they still carry  Edit: age 60 and above is where there is real cause for concern
Im on my phone and can’t read that very well right now. But it looks like an abstract on how much more infectious the disease really is, which is my exact point. We know that 91,300 people are infected . That report also suggests the real infection rate is much higher
Absolutely! Just today they’ve authorized testing for anyone whose dr has ordered it. Before there were serious restrictions

Coronavirus: Mission Hospital restricts visitors due to COVID-19

Every entrance to the hospital has workers with check boards asking if you’ve traveled, if you have a fever or cough, and who squirt you with sanitizer before they let you in.   And the cafeteria has automated touch screens for ordering, so I am touching every doctor and visitor when I get food. Scrub scrub.
Pretty misleading headline that makes it seem like there's a COVID case at Mission.
!arweavethis
There are no confirmed cases in buncombe county, yet.
No press for the flu?
It seems irrelevant at this point to ask whether someone has been traveling. The Wake County patient had dinner at a restaurant (and who knows where else he went) and someone in Chatham County has it now, too. I'd be shocked if it wasn't already in Buncombe County, but I guess we'll know for sure in 2 weeks.
as if it were baited to get you to click. hmm.
**Saved to the permaweb! [https://arweave.net/SHXru382As_fS_KeRYJ3f5mLqMVmUtEKBmk6vqDlQ1A](https://arweave.net/SHXru382As_fS_KeRYJ3f5mLqMVmUtEKBmk6vqDlQ1A)**          *ArweaveThis is a bot created to permanently store comments and threads on the Arweave immutable storage. Built by [Cedriking](/u/Cedriking)*
Flu, deaths from tobacco smoking, prescription medicines, alcoholism, and the many other corporate self-inflicted deaths that our governments "okay" with because it supports the economy usually gets little to no press.  CDC reports ~787 deaths in the US since January. We definitely need to flatten the curve and I'm sorry for the loss of life...but this "virus" or whatever the "real" driver, is fundamentally going to change the world...it's up to every one of us to decide how!  In 2018, 67,367 drug overdose deaths occurred in the United States. The age-adjusted rate of overdose deaths decreased by 4.6% from 2017 (21.7 per 100,000) to 2018 (20.7 per 100,000). Opioids—mainly synthetic opioids (other than methadone)—are currently the main driver of drug overdose deaths. Opioids were involved in 46,802 overdose deaths in 2018 (69.5% of all drug overdose deaths).1 Two out of three (67.0%) opioid-involved overdose deaths involve synthetic opioids.2  Our Coronavirus response isn't "just" about protecting lives, it's about fast-tracking messed up laws while we're all distracted by this smokescreen so that the evil in power can maintain that power when the capitalist machine starts running again...the world is also on lockdown just in time to fulfill there government censuses...how convenient.  The lower and middle class may be hit even harder by the effects of everything over the next few weeks/monthd. Rally together in your local communities and be prepared to weather "an" apocalypse greater than the great depression. Think of what you can do now and in the future to reshape our world for the better, and use this time at hope to channel divinly inspired ideas for humanity because NOW is the time to Rise Up and put in place sustainable models for a more just and resilient future.   “You never change things by fighting against the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the old model obsolete.” -Buckminster Fuller
> Chatham County  Damn. Dude got sick while still in Italy at the end of Feb and  flew home. Those people seated around him surely went to all different cities and states after their flight.

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, there is some confusion and misinformation about what is happening in North Carolina.Here are the facts as of March 9, 1:30 p.m.:**Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina**Wake County - Individual traveled from State of Washington, where they were exposed at a long-term care facility. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.Chatham County - Individual traveled to Italy and also had contact with someone who was confirmed positive in Georgia. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.In addition, an individual in Spartanburg, SC, who has tested positive recently returned from Italy through Charlotte's airport. There are currently NO reported cases in Mecklenburg.**Current Testing Roadblocks**NC has begun testing cases at the NC State Laboratory of Public Health, which allows for faster results (24-hour turnaround time).However, NC has not received the number of kits we had hoped to receive from the CDC. Two factors are making this a more critical situation.  * First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  * Second, the case in Chatham County will likely result in a need for more tests.The laboratory supplies we have on-hand from the CDC are only adequate to test approximately 150 individuals. Additional supplies en route to NC, however those incoming shipments will only allow us to test an additional 500 people, far below what is needed under the new CDC guidance. In addition, a small portion of our supplies will be earmarked to perform confirmatory testing for our state’s clinical laboratory partners – per federal requirements – while they implement their own testing for COVID-19.Our NC DHHS sent a letter to Secretary Azar explaining the situation and critical need for more test kits. They have been in contact with our federal delegation and have had communication with the White House.**Testing Outlook**Our NC DHHS signed an agreement with UNC on Wednesday and Duke on Thursday so they can begin testing\*.\* UNC will be able to start testing early this week. We are still waiting on confirmation for the Duke timeline. However, the shortage of testing kits from the CDC will also hamper their ability to test the number of people we should be testing based on the new CDC guidance.In addition, LabCorps will begin testing in the next couple of weeks. They have a 3-4 day turnaround time at this point. They will be using their own test so they won't be limited by the CDC supply issues. LabCorps will eventually help some of the volume, but it will take time to ramp up. Also, that turnaround time is a challenge because the folks that LabCorps test will need to stay quarantined 3-4x longer than the ones we test (assuming they're negative - positives will have the same isolation period). **State Preparation & Constituent Resources**Last month, Governor Roy Cooper established the COVID-19 Task Force to support the state’s ongoing effort to monitor, prepare for and respond to COVID-19.He also ordered the creation of the COVID-19 Helpline toll free at 1-866-462-3821. To ask questions online NC citizens should visit [www.ncpoisoncontrol.org](http://www.ncpoisoncontrol.org/) and select “chat.”**Requests for the Public**If and when community transmission accelerates, then slowing the rate of infection will be key to making sure our hospitals are not overwhelmed. Follow these recommendations not just to protect yourself and your family, but to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure that our hospitals don't get hit all at once:* Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.* Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.* Avoid exposure to others who are sick.* Stay home when you are ill.I will keep you posted as we learn more.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
from u/gartdavis  As of Friday, 19 people had been tested in North Carolina. We have no news because a tiny fraction of those who qualify are being tested.
Thank you Jeff
Here's some Live Maps:  - [One (World Map)](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)  - [Two (World Map)](https://covid19-tracker.com/)  - [Three (USA by State)](https://topic.newsbreak.com/covid-19.html?s=i)
I'm not from Asheville, but I'm trying desperately to get some more information on a supsected case in Wake County. A woman who traveled to Switzerland and Germany and had contact with what are now confirmed cases. She is in self-quarantine at home, but her four kids are actively attending WCPSS. Is there any way you can shake some trees and see if you can get a test kit found for her? If she's positive no way in heck should her kids be in school! They need to be quarantined as well!  WRAL story with her details. She's the last topic in the story.  [https://www.wral.com/nc-needs-more-coronavirus-test-kits-officials-say/18997232/](https://www.wral.com/nc-needs-more-coronavirus-test-kits-officials-say/18997232/)
Here is a map of School Closures nationwide:  https://www.edweek.org/ew/section/multimedia/map-coronavirus-and-school-closures.html  This map shows locations inside the individual states as well:  https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6
https://topic.newsbreak.com/covid-19.html?s=i   This page is supposed to be real time stats on info by state.
How many people have been tested so far in North Carolina? Anyone know?  &#x200B;  Edit: I mean outside of the two positives.
Johns Hopkins announces numbers prior to CDC counts.  [see their count and map. ](http://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/85320e2ea5424dfaaa75ae62e5c06e61)
> Here are the facts as of March 9, 1:30 p.m.:  > Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina  Looks like this is outdated now?  https://www.wral.com/five-biogen-workers-in-rtp-test-positive-for-coronavirus/19002083/  > Posted 1:22 p.m. today  > All five North Carolina residents are in isolation in their Wake County homes, officials said.  https://www.newsobserver.com/news/business/article241025271.html  > MARCH 09, 2020 12:42 PM   > There are now seven coronavirus cases reported in North Carolina.
Does anyone know or have any possible idea when NC public schools will finally be cancelled and made homebound? It seems like the smart move at this point but nothing seems to be getting done so 🤷‍♂️
.  r/coronanc
just saw that according to the NC governor, the state has enough supplies to test 300 people, as of now. that's all. (note that mark meadows was able to get a test. go figure.)
[There's 7 confirmed cases in NC now](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/en)  That map linked has been the most accurate.
deleted...micahkid posted it already!
It shouldn't be this surprising to see real leadership and information but yeah, thanks u/JeffJacksonNC!
Do you know what city she lives in?
>apparently two people have been tested. both confirmed positive.    >   >yes, more tests are needed, and more testing would likely lead to more confirmed cases.
19
It is out of date & will keep getting upvoted, people need to be doing their research like you...  [This is the most updated map system I could find](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/en)
took me a minute to find this again. it's a google doc (crowdsourced, since CDC isn't doing it) of testing by state. open the link, click on 'states'. we've tested two people in NC (only positive results reported). :rolleyes:  [COVID-19 numbers by state](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vRwAqp96T9sYYq2-i7Tj0pvTf6XVHjDSMIKBdZHXiCGGdNC0ypEU9NbngS8mxea55JuCFuua1MUeOj5/pubhtml#)
There is no way that is correct. Source?
It is almost guaranteed that more have it. However, if you don't test for it, you don't know.
This was posted on Friday so the numbers could have changed by then https://www.wral.com/nc-needs-more-coronavirus-test-kits-officials-say/18997232/
Oh fuck.

Coronavirus: What Buncombe County, Asheville quarantine would look like

A public safety article and it's behind a paywall.
Anyone want to place bets on how many cases it takes to close Biltmore? I think if over 60% of the staff tests positive, they might have a half day.
What a time to be working in public facing tourism
Good thing we have total faith in Mission hospital being able to care for those that get sick......
Better get those growlers filled up.
I'm expecting the Chrono in Asheville eventually.
SMH- it’s the flu people.   Being used for econo-politics.
Absolutely absurd considering many other sources are opening up these types of articles.
Clear your cookies.
I'm curious about what it will take for the city to start shutting down, especially at the foot of the tourist season.   &#x200B;  I wouldn't be surprised if over the next 7-14 days we get some confirmed cases from the basketball conference.
My doctor doesn't even have tests, Mission ER says testing is at their discretion only, and even if I do get tested, no one will tell me what the protocol is during the 3-5 days it takes to get the results back. And of course, I'm not allowed to know if my insurance is going to cover any of it.
Article was written and updated on Friday ....
I'm afraid to upvote because I'm not 100% sure you're joking
Thoughts and prayers at the ready
Is that a superhero?
Really? Really?!!? Italy quarantined the entire country to hurt Trump and the Republicans?   Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel just said yesterday that they are preparing for 70% of Germany’s population to get the virus. Is that just politics??!!  If 70% of the U.S. gets Covid-19, with an expected mortality rate between 2% and 3%, MILLIONS of people will die.   Your attitude is what is going to get people killed. This is 10x worse than the flu which already kills 10s of thousands of people. Even if you’re not at risk for serious complications, why risk getting the virus and spreading it to friends, family, and community members that are vulnerable?  This isn’t politics, this is life or death.
>Absolutely absurd  That's the unofficial tagline of the Asheville Citizen-Times.
I know the tricks. I was just muttering that it's behind a paywall when it has to do with an immediate public safety threat rather being the monthly restaurant in/out. Yes this virus will spread cause my co-workers can't grasp the concept of washing hands or covering their mouth while coughing, I would just like to know if I'll either be issued a citation or shot on site if I make a beer run during isolation.
I know a lot of this is based on lack of availability, but the pride politicians feel that their people haven't gotten sick and their desire to squash the numbers (like Trump and the Princess cruise 'unfairly' raising the number of US sick) is completely bizarre. Infection, especially during a global health crisis, is not a test of your personal virtue, and you need to identify and treat the problem.
Nah, it's that bug that's going around.
Right. China and the dependent econs now have a valid reason for the recession. The politicians that ‘protect us’ will be favored. US Healthcare stocks that took the first hit with the Bernie bunch will gorge on the funding.  Flu season is almost over- they almost missed the opp.   Sheep and lemmings don’t get Covid?
>make a beer run during isolation.  Good thought. Once you've stocked up on food, start stocking up on kegs.
I'd say starts end of March or April but really ramps up in May and continues til November.
These days it really never ends.
All I did was read your comment, then the article. They tested 19 people as of Friday, not yesterday. I’m sure there are wayy more people with this than we know about. My Reddit time is about to skyrocket.
Housing inventory for everyone!! You get a house! You get a house!
It's corona, or as it should be called the Kung flu.
Once concentrated around the Wuhan Clan.
Would you be upset if young families were able to buy a house at a reasonable price and start to build wealth? I know I wouldn't. I'm not wishing for anyone's death but life, uh, finds a way...

NC governor declares state of emergency as state deals with coronavirus

Good thing Asheville has a well-staffed hospital full of happy nurses and other medical professionals!
Luckily we don't get many tourists round these parts
Right - and the healthcare stocks that preceded the tank will bounce back due to the glut and the recession has a ‘valid’ reason and the politicians managing will have an advantage.   In a couple decades you’ll see them do this a few times.
Just trying to secure money...
Now *seven* people have The Chrono.
Oh please- the reg flu is worse
I remember these forums before HCA took over talking about how bad a hospital Mission was and how HCA will improve it.  I also don’t remember any major protests from Asheville residents to a for-profit company taking over their only hospital.
>The death rate sucks, but the people who live, a decent percentage will need a hospital bed to get well.  This. I'd say from April 1 though May 30, don't have an accident that requires an ER visit. You'll be SOL.
But people don't contract diabetes at sporting events.  Mostly.
So you're saying you'd rather the government and local healthcare not be prepared?
Please show me your degree doctor.
Even the stats you get off the CDC website show the Coronovirus has a higher death rate than the flu.
But thats not what my TV told me to believe.
He's saying that if you have Diabetes and Covid 19 you've got 7.3% chance of dying.
No. I was just stating that is the reason for doing what they are doing. I’m glad they are prepared.  The hype is causing more trouble than the virus. We don’t do half of what they are doing for flu season. Just wash your hands folks.
And social media and the radio and the hysteria is so convenient.
And I'm saying it's a straw man argument to say "yeah, but people also die of heart disease." It's irrelevant to whether or not Coronavirus is dangerous.
That isn’t the point they are trying to make at all, what are you talking about?
You’ve bought in - better safe than sorry and limited by your life experience so far.   Live through a few of these - see the timing, the outcomes and the silence data and you’ll see how these crisis are used politically and economically.
Hey, you're totally right. I misread it twice.  No BS, thanks for pointing it out.
Thanks for admitting that, I was trying to figure out if it was a misread or trolling; you have restored a smidgen of my faith in human interactions via internet social platforms.
I won't delete my comments as testament to my idiocy

After confirmed coronavirus case in Sullivan Co. officials working to ‘identify people who may have had close contact with the confirmed case’

Where is this person and how can i meet them?
Oops! You've posted in the Asheville (North Carolina) forum.
Wow look at the scary graphic!  We must be doomed.
Uh, no it's not.  It's 2+ hour drive over a mountain range in another state.

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Ah, when being unemployed and reclusive actually benefits me.
I think a lot of people don't understand why they should care. Yes death rate is only estimated at 2% of those infected. You probably won't die if you get it. BUT it is spreading easily and rapidly. So it can be 2% of a few thousand people that die or 2% of US population. Which would be 6.6 million people. So please take precautions so you don't spread it to those that are unable to survive the infection.
Are they going to start screening at Asheville Airport as the tourist season approaches?
At WWC, we were just notified that a student may have COVID. It’s not a confirmed case, mind you, but we were told that they are a PUI (person under investigation) i.e fever and signs of lower respiratory illness, negative influenza test, and no other more likely diagnosis. Shit’s getting slightly more real now.
So...  play the devil's advocate:     At some point, we are probably going to have to start taking this seriously.     Maybe we're early at the moment.   What's the downside to taking it seriously early?   Not much.     What's the upside?   Well, it's harder than you think to not touch your face.  Practice.  It's tedious to wash your hands.   Practice.  It's hard to not shake hands with strangers.  Practice.    Hard to not goddamned touch your fucking face.   Practice it again.    Hard not to cough, sneeze, whatever, in public.   Practice.  Basically, when you are going to find these skills needed, it's better to have them ingrained, and collectively, we'll all have done a tiny bit to keep from overloading the system, a state soon coming to a hospital near you.  And remember... it's not you you are saving.  You will probably live through it, random redditor.  But it's not nice to kill your friends or Grandma.     It would be better if we all played like we were a community.   ( I just went to a meeting at a civic org and people were offering me their hands, laughing that they weren't supposed to do that, to which I replied, "You're right, and I'm not.   We need to practice."    Honestly, the meeting was designed and held as if it were INTENDED to foster transmission of a virus.   A bunch of environmental "warriors", too.   Clueless as shit. )
WCU just extended their spring break
Agreed, thanks for posting.
My coworkers are thrilled with the idea of cheap flights and talk of taking advantage to travel. As far as that goes, fine. But they mock those who are taking extra precautions such as social distancing. I don’t know anyone under the age of 40 who takes this seriously at all.   Honestly I’m seeing another side of people i thought i knew
My wife and kids are supposed to go to Disney world during spring break. Money was spent months ago. I’m doing my damnedest to convince them to NOT go. Disney is saying they are doing everything recommended by CDC but I don’t care how much sanitizer you put out or how much you clean, someone will bring it home. Its about being a responsible citizen at this point. I should just take the batteries out of the vehicles and pretend I don’t know what’s up if I can’t change their minds.
It's worth mentioning and talking about the reasons for being a part of the prevention - ie, Keep yourself away from crowds, stay home as much as possible, wash your hands, stay clean, avoid physical contact, etc.  One of the reasons for social distancing during a pandemic is to help slow the spread *temporarily*.  It's not about permanently making it so that people won't get sick - if you're not immune, you'll likely eventually catch it - but rather, it's about making it so **everyone doesn't get sick at once** and stress out the hospital system.   If we go with pretty *extremely* conservative numbers and assume only 10% of the people in NC are infected at once, that's 930,000 people (9.3 million population in NC).  According to Dr. John Campbell, so far, the average # of severe cases (ie, those needing urgent/hospibal care) is around 5%.  So 5% of 930k is 46,500 people.  You can go to wikipedia's page on [North Carolina's hospitals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_hospitals_in_North_Carolina) shows we don't have anywhere close to that many beds.  I didn't actually physically add up every number there, but a kind of [Fermi estimation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_problem) looks like somewhere between 22k - 23k beds in the entire state.  That's half the number of beds as potentially infected.  Again, these are all rough estimates, and no one knows the exact infection rate yet (so please don't "at" me just because you've heard a different number, know one actually knows yet), but the whole point of this is this:  Social Distancing is not about permanently stopping the spread.  It's about *temporarily slowing* the spread so that our entire medical industry is not completely overrun at once, leaving very sick people in need of urgent care and unable to find a room to get the care they need.  So please do your part. **Stay clean, avoid contact, don't gather, etc.**
Thank you.
Also doesnt help that Asheville has one of the largest populations of anti-vaxxers already.
Thank you for posting! Reddit can be a backwater for disinformation.
Some lady that works with my boyfriend thought it would be cool to go to work this week even though she's been hacking up a lung nonstop. Now I'm scared to go visit my grandparents this weekend, I don't wanna spread her cooties. Also, Coronavirus or nah, wash your damn hands after you use the bathroom, ya nasties.
Thank you
These are are the symptoms [here](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/symptoms.html)
NC Governor said there's no extraction agent in the new, arrived kits. r/coronanc
Aside from the obvious points you listed, people are afraid of the unknown and being put into quarantine. This seems to be the largest underlying fear. That and becoming an unknown carrier.
You may also want to mention that the vast majority of those infected will have mild to no symptoms and that it doesn’t seem to affect children. I just got over a bad, two week cold. Very possible it was Coronavirus.
CDC says about 50k/year die of the flu.  The flu has a mortality rate around .1%. CV is about 2%.  Since reported in December, it's averaging 1k deaths per month. I doubt reporting is complete, especially is SE Asia.
I'm hoping to get and spread it to help combat the boomer menace
Yeah so far President Trump and Vice President Pence have done an excellent job in combatting this.
How many of you honestly got your flu shot this year?  How many of you are 70+?  The answers to both of these questions dictates there is no need to worry.  I spent one weekend in asheville apartment hunting and saw more transient, drugged out losers who would stab you for an 8ball if offered than i ever thought possible. Literally saw a guy vomit next to a drinking fountain, then drink from the fountain right at the city center.  The fuckin homeless pose a bigger threat than this fake outrage generated by this virus that is no more serious than the flu (which kills 56k per year). Calm down you fear mogering liberals.
This whole situation is completely blown out of proportion unless you are 60 or older. Everything reported is causing mass hysteria and panic. No one freaks out over the flu which kills tens of thousands. Look at the data people. This is serious but in most cases not remotely life threatening.
Hijacking to make [this link](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/en) visible.
Bingo.  Be a responsible citizen and do your part to NOT contribute to the spread.
It's actually potentially much worse.  That number only holds while there are hospital beds, ventilators, and staff. Once that medical infrastructure is overwhelmed, it skyrockets.   The goal here is to slow it down. We will not be able to stop it, containment has already totally failed. At this rate, medical infrastructure will be overwhelmed in a matter of weeks. We need to buy time to ramp up medical infrastructure, manufacture more ventilators, and pry patents from Gilead Sciences' cold dead hands.
This is exactly the point. Social responsibility in the US is at approximately zero. This event really highlights just how selfish, obtuse, and money-grubbing Americans are.
Don't forget we don't know so much about the virus at this point. It sounds like it doesn't stay latent in you like herpes but that is still a possibility.  It can keep you down for few weeks and you can get what looks to be permanent damage to your lungs.  &#x200B;  Check this out: [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8075633/First-British-victim-25-describes-coronavirus.html](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8075633/First-British-victim-25-describes-coronavirus.html)
I've been thinking about tourism all day .... what's gonna happen:  1. AVL Tourism tanks. 2. Hotels & eateries lay off unwanted employees (no tourist = no bookings = no monies = Go Home Wage Slave. 3. BCTDA has millions go unspent. BCTDA schemes to 'gift' unused ad dollars back to the hotel owners (not workers, 'cause, lol, workers) 4. Hoteliers get a nice fat bonus!!  But it [looks pretty](https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2020/03/empty-spaces-due-coronavirus-fears/607666/).
I feel like I may have it too. I've had symptoms for several days and just been staying inside and resting, since going out there and attempting to get a test doesn't seem practical or smart at this point.
The students are all coming home tomorrow and taking classes online. Personally, I feel this is creating more of a possibility that the virus will now travel back to the families. I'm no biologist..
feed him to the cows!
I applaud you. Good for you. People are giving me crap about things like this, too, but it's called social responsibility. It's becoming blatantly obvious who cares about others and who doesn't.
Thank you, I hope more people follow your mindset. That's all I've tried to tell those close to me.  It's not just about your well being, but protecting others.
The entire UNC system did
This didnt age well. No cheap travel anymore.
It's especially cheap when the next generations are the ones paying the ecological cost. Might as well go roll some coal while they are at it.
Because the CDC can totally, absolutely be trusted.
Dude, don’t let them go. Now is not the time for vacations to populated international places. Disney/hotels might give you a refund. If not, your kids are priceless. Your loved ones are priceless. What if they get quarantined and can’t return to you for months. You can always go to Disney later.
> We want to flatten the infection curve.  From Doctor Mike's recent video?
Can you please link me to the original source of that image?
UNCA (and the entire UNC system) already extended spring break and plan on having remote classes for the foreseeable future.
I dont think thats really at play at all here. There is no cross immunity. Thats unfortunately not going to be an issue for awhile.  Although I heard israel had a vaccine currently in the testing phase.
I don’t think “backwater” means what you think it means. Reddit is _not_ a backwater for fake news, it is at the forefront of disinformation.
Even those with no symptoms can transmit the virus. Especially children.
Where are you finding these numbers?
Sorry I’m not dying fast enough for you,
You’ve gotta be kidding me
Yea, gonna need a [cite] on examples of Dr. Trump knowing jack shit about any medical topic.  Pence, however, is incredibly [pro-life](https://www.ontheissues.org/Mike_Pence.htm) (until you're born, then, well, you're screwed)
I'm just waiting for the blaming Obama part.
He said it was contained.....
If only it targeted idiots :(
How come we don't cancel Nba seasons every year because of "just the flu" how come we don't lock down entire countries every year because of "just the flu", how come we don't suspend travel to Europe every year because of "just the flu"?
Think of how much better the world will be when people with this mindset aren't spreading their vile filth anymore.
Please stop. Italy shut down their economy, 8th largest in the world. Hasn’t happened since a World War. You really think it was done because of panic?? You think your take on the situation is more informed  than the whole Italian government?
> This whole situation is completely blown out of proportion unless you are 60 or older.   Do you know any people 60 or older? Ever come in contact with people 60 or older? *You can give them a deadly disease* even if you’re not dying from it. That should matter to you, even if you’re under 60.
This tracker is all that anyone should be paying attention to.  This tracker actually sites confirmed cases with sources.  The problem with this though is simply the fact that *confirmed cases are tested cases*  There literally aren't enough test kits and people are being turned down even if they are showing all of the symptoms.  Please use logic friends! Good luck all.
A little off topic but that was awfully cynical. We actually as a society donate more personal dollars to charity than most other society's.   https://www.thetimesherald.com/story/opinion/columnists/2017/12/08/americans-give-charity-country/108430012/
Just letting you know children are not dying from covid 19, they are only carriers, it’s mostly men and elderly.
Asheville is going to be affected by this virus a lot worse than other cities for sure. Our city is so dependent on tourism. I suppose people will want to drink more because of the virus so maybe we will survive.
I lol'd at your user name.
I personally feel much safer going home. I was told that the Custodial Services crew will not be cleaning dorms during the break, which seems like a very bad idea to me. It is nearly impossible to contain a virus and quarantine individuals in a college dorm, even with constant cleaning. As it stood, residence halls were only being cleaned once every other day. I like my chances much better at home.
Here’s the email we received in full:   Dear Campus Community,  Our commitment to the health and safety of our community is our first priority. In light of the uncertainty about the potential spread of coronavirus (COVID-19), and in order to protect our community as well as those we come in contact with regularly, Warren Wilson College is putting in place a continuation of instruction and alternative scheduling plan from Friday, March 13 until Friday, April 10.   Please note that no coronavirus cases have been confirmed in Buncombe County or at Warren Wilson College. We have one Person Under Investigation who is being tested per North Carolina Health and Human Services guidelines, but no diagnosis has been made. The person who is considered a PUI is in isolation in accordance with North Carolina Department and Health and Human Services protocol, and they are receiving care and medical attention.   We are not closing the college. We are trying to minimize unnecessary contact for the health and safety of our community. Students have the option of returning home if they choose. If students decide to remain here, campus will remain open. We will continuously review conditions as well as state, county and CDC guidelines, and update plans and communicate as necessary. We will continue to update our website at www.warren-wilson.edu/coronavirus, and please see below for more details.  Information by area: Academics Classes will continue as usual through the end of today, Thursday, March 12. Classes are canceled for Friday, March 13 and Monday, March 16, so that faculty may prepare to begin online instruction. From Tuesday, March 17 until Friday, April 10, all classes will take place online during that time period. Instructors will communicate with students about how to access courses and materials.  There will be flexibility for students regarding academic courses beyond that date for students who choose to return home during this continuation of instruction period. Student Life Residence halls will remain open. The cafeteria will remain open. DeVries Gym will be closed. Bryson Gym will be closed. Athletic events and rentals will be canceled. Outdoor programs will be canceled.  Work  Regular work shifts will continue until 5:00 pm today, Thursday, March 12, and work will then be suspended through April 10. Students will continue to be paid for their work contracts during this time period and will not owe money for unworked hours. We will be working with crew supervisors to cover essential work functions on outdoor crews.  If you have questions, please contact wpo@warren-wilson.edu Community Engagement In-person contact is canceled during the March 12 - April 10 time period. Remote projects can be arranged with community partners. Support Staff Tutoring, financial aid, counseling, and advising will be available online and by phone. Staff Everyone is expected to continue working as the College will remain open during this online instructional period. Work from home where possible – connect directly with your Vice President for any specific instructions. Utilize Google Hangouts Meet or RingCentral Meetings for conference calls. Events All events will be canceled or postponed if planned to occur between now and April 10. Events scheduled after April 10 will continue to be evaluated. Travel and Trips All college-sponsored travel and trips are suspended through April 10, including in-state travel. Travel already scheduled beyond April 10 will continue to be evaluated. No new travel should be planned.   Buncombe County is continuing to keep their webpage updated with information about the county’s response and updates on cases in our county. As of the writing of this message there are no confirmed cases in Buncombe County.  While we recognize the disruption that these measures will entail for our community as well as for our community partners, we are committed to the health and safety of our students, faculty, and staff as well as to attending to our duty to the general public health during this challenging time. Please know that college leadership is in close communication with local, state, and federal health authorities and will continuously evaluate and communicate our plans as they evolve.   In community, President Lynn Morton
After the euro ban announced last night,  I figure with more cancellations it’s too much of a hassle to travel. And yeah, falling demand results in fewer seats. I guess the scarcity will hold prices somewhat on domestic travel.
I remember after 9/11 we had three days of no flights. Three days of no planes in the sky. It was eerily silent. Its too bad it took such a tragedy to impose such a restriction. I’d love to see a flight free week every year! Will never happen
Absolutely.  Just like the EPA. Or the FBI.  FDA.  TSA. CBP.  They're all to be completely trusted, because they care about us and have our best interests in mind.  Just like all of our elected officials, they care!
>I dont think thats really at play at all here.  You're right, but I was more emphasizing  the mentality behind it than the biology.
Haha, right!
Yes I’m aware. I didn’t say not to take it seriously. It’s more a post against the disaster fetishists.
It was a chest cold. And thanks, I have educated myself. That’s why I’m not freaking out over it.
Out of his ass.
Honestly pulling a number out of your ass is all you can do. Or do you think they have done a fantastic job of testing? I had plans for how to react as the virus progressed. I can't do any of that.
i really wish the mods of this sub would ban this troll. every post he makes has -20 karma. he’s obviously here to be a jerk, politics aside.
Its already happened
My point is so is the flu and many other similar viral illnesses that belong to the same family. If I have any of those diseases you’d have the same result. I guess I don’t understand why there hasn’t been a more constructive and educational response. What makes this any different than those health concerns?
I have a preference for https://covid19info.live
That has more to do with lack of public funds and allowing the rich a tax break that is subsidised by taxpayers sometimes up to 50% of the total. So remember that when a billionaire gives $100 million to a charity for a cause they want to push and have influence over, we can foot up to $50 million of that.
Are they going to have SOMEONE clean? I understand not having students, but if there is a case at WW... I hope.
I work for the school system. It is frustrating as hell to have to wait for the very tiny amount of official information.
> Very possible it was Coronavirus  an hour later  > It was a chest cold.   Dude. what ru even doing?
The lack of treatments available, lack of vaccines, and exponential infection rates. Italy is overrun. There are not enough resources to care for the sick; even those who would not die still require care. They have shut down their country. And they were better prepared than we are.
The one above allows you to select the state as well as the source article and city/county where the person was infected.  Here's some more trackers:  - [(World Map)](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)  - [(USA by State)](https://topic.newsbreak.com/covid-19.html?s=i)
I’m ramping up on the drinking so I can kill germs from the inside out.
Hey my apologies just read this nytimes article  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/12/world/europe/12italy-coronavirus-health-care.html?referringSource=articleShare I stand corrected. Didn’t mean to be cynical but I guess I was only hoping for the best and going off of other info I had read (from what I considered reputable sources) things change really quickly.
Wow love that newsbreak one. Thanks!

UNC system facing coronavirus ends in-person and starts remote lessons

I'm still waiting for the official UNCA follow-up communication, but I imagine it should be coming soon.
Curious if they will follow Chapel Hill's and WCU's footsteps and extend break
Follow-up just came out. https://healthandcounseling.unca.edu/covid-19/
Same
If classes are being taught online, why extend the break? I know professor's were told to begin considering contingency plans for remote learning as early as 3  weeks ago. The real question here is what to do with the kids in the dorms, but for the rest of the students, I don't see an extension of spring break as a necessary step. I guess if this happened, it would be so that employees who work at the facilities (dining halls, police officers, etc) wouldn't have to come in to work.  Honestly, as a non-traditional older student, I just don't really want break to be extended because I want my education to continue, even if it's happening online.  edit: well, Spring Break has officially been extended at unca.
I’m in the same boat as you, and would rather keep things rolling and finish the semester on time. I think the break extension at Chapel Hill and other schools is so that professors can set up remote learning plans and on-campus students can make living arrangements as necessary.   As an aside, I work in the service industry and am at a way higher risk of getting sick on the job than at school.  I’d rather be in a classroom than at a desk at home surrounded by distractions, especially if I’m at a higher risk of getting sick as it is. That’s just me though, and I uncerstand and the reasoning.
Yes, I also have a day job at a restaurant here, and I agree that the job puts me at exponentially more risk. Unfortunately, it is doubtful that the restaurant closes unless the government forces them to.   Outside of the service industry, though.... being a student is somewhat insulating in these bizarre times. We can study from home, student loans will pay the rent, and the economic fallback will not be as brutal for us. That's looking on the bright side.
Don't worry.  People are going to stop going to restaurants now.  You won't have to worry about making money for a while.

Buncombe County is planning to declare a state of emergency because of Coronavirus

Is school canceled yet?  Heard from some teachers they were talking about canceling next week through spring break for ACS and County.
https://youtu.be/BiKx8lOEktQ
I'm guessing this will give Buncombe County the power to shut down public events if necessary.
Good leadership!   I also think this confirms those rumors it is already at the local hospital.  Yes am drinking out post work  Yes tourism is about to tank, be sure to save your funds.  Our local restaurants will need business once the panic is over.  Wash your fucking hands  Such a weird time   Edit this is where service unions are beneficial
[the announcement](https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18529)
SCHOOLS OUT FOR SUMMER!
This is beyond surreal and ridiculous. Convenient Covid Crisis spreads.
And you push me up to this  [State of emergency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcw0y_-llhg)  How beautiful to be
I just heard from a friend that UNCA is shutting down the dorms and all students have to be out by 5pm today.
From an email/robocall yesterday from ACS:   “Good Afternoon Students, Staff and Families.  This is Bobbie Short, Interim Superintendent.    As you may know, earlier today Buncombe County government officials declared a local state of emergency.  Shortly afterward, the Governor publicly announced his position stating that, at the present, North Carolina schools should not close.”
Well remember: you want to close things down *before* there’s a confirmed case. If you wait until after a case is confirmed, it’s too late.
0 cases with how many tests done?
Governments declaring state of emergencies before the actual event is pretty routine. E.g. hurricanes.
Perhaps it’s 0 reported?  I really don’t trust the powers that be to be 100% w/ the public.
Just heard from a local doctor that there are now 2 confirmed cases at mission hospital. I’ll post a source when I can  Edit: https://i.imgur.com/YmaaqpI.jpg not substantive whatsoever but this is all the proof I got. The two blanked out names both are doctors working in the emergency department at mission. It’s only a matter of time before case numbers rise/ come out into public knowledge
Maybe Coviod! Part corona, part opiod.
Warren Wilson is moving online, but keeping campus open.
They have WAY TOO MANY kids at school who rely on breakfast and lunch.  Unfortunately, the state is going to wait until the last minute to close and then it will be too late to make any difference.
Also from today:  “As of this afternoon, both the Governor and Buncombe County Health and Human Services, who are the local medical experts we’re taking guidance from, have advised schools to remain open at this time.   Although the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services recommended that organizers of events with more than 100 people should cancel, postpone or modify these events, this does not include schools.  As shared in today’s guidance by our local health department, closing schools and childcare centers now is unlikely to stop the spread of illness while causing serious disruption for families, schools, childcare centers, and healthcare workers. It may also increase the risk of older adults who care for grandchildren becoming infected.”
A total of 0 tests.  0 for 0, we're killing it!
I would guess we have already had undiagnosed cases here. If you aren't old, already sick, or immune compromised you might just think you had a cold or the flu and not gone to the doctor.
can confirm this from another source
Also confirming from a first hand source in an ABTech medical program.
From an email today:  “FOOD DISTRIBUTION SITES:   Should the coronavirus’ impact close one or more of our schools, please know our School Nutrition, Transportation and Maintenance Departments have already developed a detailed plan about food distribution sites.  The plan will allow us to continue to provide both breakfast and lunch for our students Monday - Friday. Should schools be closed, Asheville City Schools will deliver meals to Pisgah View Apartments, Hillcrest Apartments, Klondyke Apartments and Livingston Apartments.  Additionally, Isaac Dickson Elementary School will have a drive-thru option should families prefer a grab and go meal. Our meal service will begin the day after schools close.”

Coronavirus response: Buncombe County officials declare local State of Emergency

I heard the city was going to be put on martial law beginning Friday.
Cue the rumor mill.
Time to loot but only the tourists house’s
I’ve bought at least 32 mini baseball bats from them. I think that covers it.

NC coronavirus task force. Sharing is caring.

Fucking idiots!
Big oof
Just got an update of 15 cases.
This is why so many high ranking US officials are coming down with COVID-19: these idiots are so arrogant they assume realities that we deal with would never impact them personally.
You are governed by morons.
We are neighborly- bless our hearts.
And that's the leaders of my great state...
Who here thinks they didn't wash their hands after THAT!? I don't! SMH
same idiots you all vote for every time.
Ha!
Jesus. All you getting your panties in a bunch are asinine.  Unless you are doing everything while wearing gloves and a face mask you do basically the same thing every single day.  "They shared a mic! Oh my god!".  Meanwhile everyone is stockpiling on toilet paper that who knows how many people have touched, holding on to a cart who knows how many people have touched, using a self checkout others have used, or letting the clerk scan it whos scanned items for 8 hours of hundreds of people.
Wow, I thought all the idiots were up here in Rochester.
Yes sir
Rocket geniuses.... only the best of the best there!!
well at least they did not have a basketball tourney here. oh, wait, they already did
We are all gonna die....SMDH 😷🤒🤢🤮🤬☠👻
I enjoy how we have a "pandemic" of maybe dozens of people.  Swine flu killed thousands before Obamas dumbass issued a state of emergency. And no one cared.  You idiots keep giving the media ratings. And justifiying the actions of your stupid liberal officials. This is exactly what they want.  Liberals would sooner see the market crash and people die in old folks homes, not due to this fake pandemic, but due to being locked down and not getting adequate care from health officials because theyre scared of this fake pandemic all to ensure Trump struggles next cycle.  Fools. All of you.
Oof
Yeah definitely not *all*
Those are all high risk activies, yes. I'm definitely not one of the 'panties in a bunch' crowd you mention, but I've seen several people completely disregard this as if it was nothing, and that isn't true either - the first thing you see here is the man wipe off his mouth area, and immediately touch that mic. The things Ive been seeing are saying it isn't saliva thats the problem, but droplets from nasal, or deeper coughs. But, if he had been infected, the risk of having cough spittle or droplets around his mouth is pretty high, and this would be a high risk contact for the others. It's still more likely to be spread airborne anyway, but this still isn't great optics, both because you'd hope the response leadership (including Dr Roper who was head of the CDC for years) would have stated this isn't best practice by any means...but also that mic sharing implies being either under-equipped or unprepared. Also, mic sharing is yucky and everyone who's used them regularly knows that.
Rochester? As in Rochester NY?
The Obama administration declared a public health emergency in April, months before swine flu was declared a pandemic. At the time that the Obama administration declared a public health emergency, only 20 confirmed cases (not over a million) of H1N1 existed in the United States.  You are a lieing piece of shit.
Yes, you're 100% correct. Not only that, but China, Korea, all of Europe, and a total of more than 100 countries on 6 continents are ALL in on it!!  Because this is really all about bringing down Trump.
Go lick a doorknob downtown then.
Lol you’re an idiot
You seriously trying to make this political?
Old man yells at cloud
Shut the entire fuck up you absolute moron.
You gotta love the old right-wing trope of lying about something that is incredibly easy to search for online.
Found the asshat. I mean Russian troll.
Bad bot
Stop.
That literally has nothing to do with what i said.  Again all of us are doing the basically the exact same things.  Unless you have 0 interaction with anyone else. And you havent touched anything without gloves, and then changed gloves before touching anything else. Your doing the same thing.  When you go out to eat. Do you go back in the kitchen and grab your own glass? Are you wearing gloves when you check your mail? Are you disinfecting the stuff you buy from the store?  What the difference between what we all are doing everyday and what they did in this clip?
Yes sir
I'm just impressed that Grandpa Simpson found his way onto reddit from the old folks home.
He's old and bored of course he wants to make it political.
No shit. I lived in Pittsford but was raised in East Rochester. My wife lives in Asheville but I’m in the navy stationed in Charleston. Shoutout dirty Roc
...and we know what's happening to people in the old folks home right now.
Yet you replied with an idiotic statement that had nothing to do with what i said.  Again. Calling these people idiots for sharing a mic is straight up stupid when every day you/we are doing basically the same thing every single day.
I'll have a Genny Cream and a garbage plate for ya. Might be moving to Asheville way in a month or so.
If/when you do, send me a message on here.
Will do. Thanks.

Asheville, following county, declares coronavirus state of emergency

The only real change happening here is if it's an event happening on city-owned property, they're limiting it to groups of 250 or less. In other words, pretty much everything at the Civic Center is cancelled.
Hi! We have a megathread set up for all virus news, could you please move your link there? As always, thanks for your contributions to the sub!
Sure. Hadn't seen the megathread.

"Where are the tests?" - Coronavirus update from Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/gyixca0dsmm41.png?width=1200&format=png&auto=webp&s=ec17fe4f813b92b901a25e86fc91d1bbe6c62e74As of March 14 at 8:00 a.m., the state of North Carolina has a total of 680 public (i.e., non-commercial) coronavirus test kits.So the big question is, “Why don’t we have more tests?”Here’s the situation:First, there’s a difference between “test kits” and “extraction kits.”Extraction kits = extract RNA (genetic material) from nasal swabs.Test kits = test RNA to see if it’s coronavirus.We started with a national shortage of test kits. That happened because the CDC - after rejecting the WHO kits and deciding to make their own - had a manufacturing error that allowed their test kit to produce false positives. So they had to start over several weeks in.To make matters worse, while the CDC was fixing their manufacturing error there were many other labs across the country (academic and commercial labs) that wanted to produce their own test kits. But they needed federal approval to move forward, and getting that approval took a couple weeks - a serious amount of time, given the prospect of exponential viral spread.It appears we are now seeing the production of test kits ramp up from both the CDC and commercial labs like LabCorp (which happens to be headquartered here in North Carolina).BUT that leads us to our second problem, and the current major bottleneck: extraction kits.Before you can test the RNA sample from the nasal swab, you have to extract it. Doing so requires a specific chemical. The majority of this specific chemical (called a reagent) is produced by one company with production facilities in Germany and Spain.And now that specific chemical is in very high demand. The whole world wants it.A few weeks ago, the FDA started allowing independent labs to develop alternate chemical processes for RNA extraction. It’s unclear how much progress has been made.So, looking now at the big picture, we basically have a two-track testing system: public testing, which involves our main state lab in NC using the re-manufactured CDC test kits (and in NC, we currently have 680 test kits) and then there’s commercial testing.Regarding commercial testing, we really don’t know how much is happening. The commercial labs aren’t required to disclose test results unless they’re positive. In North Carolina, we have LabCorp conducting commercial tests. In Charlotte, we also have our two major hospital systems - Atrium and Novant - now saying that they are going to provide “screening.” It’s unclear whether they are simply collecting swabs and sending them to LabCorp (where they may face the same extraction kit bottleneck) or whether they’ve developed in-house capacity to actually produce their own test results.But it’s important to note that BOTH public and commercial testing appear to be hitting a bottleneck when it comes to extraction.As a result, we are not screening nearly enough people.Ideally, anyone who displays flu-like symptoms would be eligible for a public test, free of charge. That’s how we would address this like South Korea and provide for wide-scale testing on the order of tens of thousands per day.But - due to the shortage - that’s not the case. Instead, the CDC guidelines (which NC is currently following) currently state that you have to 1) display flu-like symptoms AND have had direct contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case OR, 2) you have to display flu-like symptoms AND lower respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath) AND a negative rapid flu test.A simpler way to say that is we are currently rationing public tests because we don’t have enough capacity.Congress is now providing more funding specifically for these issues and commercial labs are reportedly innovating rapidly, but this is essentially a race against time and increasing our testing capacity within the next ten days is absolutely critical. It’s also possible that the window of opportunity for containment - at least in some regions - is now closed and we’re going to have to rely heavily on social distancing to slow the rate of infection.You should also know that in the process of piecing this together I had many, many conversations with state and local health officials and every single one of them was on the same page, knew exactly what the bottlenecks were, and were working the problem. These folks get it, and they’re working around the clock for us.More updates soon.\- Jeff Jackson
I really appreciate these no BS updates Senator. It's nice to get some straight forward info.
Thank you for the explanation and the update.   Senator, last night my family and I ate out at a favorite local place. As we were eating the owner came over to attend to our party and was obviously unwell. Pale, a sheen of sweat on her face, and coughing into her elbow. With this bottleneck in the testing process I'm concerned that we're missing opportunities to protect our communities. That restaurant was full, mostly with retirement aged and older folks. She was waiting on everyone and was still making her usual physical contact with most. We will now self isolate until we know we are not sick, but what about the hundred or so others who were there?   Not enough is being done to slow this spread.
This is the first time I’ve seen an explanation for the delay. Up until now I feel like people have been like “well this is how it goes, it takes time, we have what we need.” Thank you so much for putting it out there.
Thank you for the info.
Excellent update. Thank you
Please do the right thing and help close the schools. I know it will be a hardship for many, but it will also help prevent a larger tragedy. Schools are a major transmission vector and an effective social distancing strategy requires closing them.
Clarity from a government official during a time of crisis? I’d given up hope.
Thank you.
Senator, thank you kindly for your routine updates here on reddit. They're very appreciated, as I find it difficult to get info on news sites that is clear, especially locally.
You are rocking this Senator. A true public servant. Thanks for all you are doing and for keeping us informed with clear, timely information.
It's nice to see a politician giving us the straight dope.
Awesome update.  I have a question about masks.  The CDC and American health experts recommend not wearing a mask in public but the Asian health officials and experts all recommend wearing masks in public.  Which one is right and which one is wrong?  How can both experts have the opposite advice?
What is the plan for the future to make sure this type of shortage never happens again? We can't even test people, what happens when these people need treatment or to be hospitalized? Are we going to run out of medicine? Will our healthcare system be capable of handling the strain? Our government is demonstrating a colosil failure of their ability to protect it's citizens and our way of life.
Thank you!!
What is the rate of false negatives with the test?
What is the reagent that is in demand?
What’s the difference between public and commercial test kits?
If I get sick what good does a test do me? I mean I’m still sick what difference does it make knowing it’s coronavirus vs the flu?
Yeah, we need test kits guys. Test kits and toilet paper.  Because this disease is turning peoples skin inside out. Melting their brain. And leaving bodies in the streets en masse. We cant even bury the dead fast enough -- just throw them all in a mass grave.  A handful of people dying over the course of a month versus 10 fold as many dying on our streets because neither the police nor the citizens of this fine, homeless ridden society drive their vehicles any better than my 15 year old female cousin who literally just started driving.  If the police gave a shit about public safety theyd pull people over for speeding. Meanwhile the highway is dangerous now if youre not going 15mph over the limit due to getting run into from behind.  The fuck is wrong with the priorities here? Stop fear mongering over a god damn flu you sheep.
The most disturbing part is she probably *had* to work because she can't afford to take the time off.
Jeff has always been a good dude.
Wearing masks is at least somewhat effective, but moreso for reducing transmission by the sick (vs preventing infection by the healthy), and there is a shortage that isn't going away any time soon. Therefore, they need to be used by those who get the most value of out them (medical workers at high risk of infection, and those already infected). Asia has a culture that already encourages mask use when sick, so they have a supply and a cultural expectation, and they're still experiencing shortages and rationing. We don't have that baseline at all. If people start buying up masks (too late) and panicking about their availability (still preventable), we put medical workers at risk, causing a cascading fail issue when medical workers can't take care of the sick. It does help, but it's by no means some kind of magic guard against getting ill, so CDC *can't* recommend their use, lest we create a nightmare scenario.  If you're sick, stay home (no mask needed). Save masks for medical workers. Hopefully in time, mask production ramps up to cover more widespread usage (unlikely in an immediate timeframe, though China is hardcore ramping up production, so possibly "soon"). In the future, masks may be more commonplace in the US and other places, and wearing them to prevent transmission may be normalized.
If you have coronavirus, you must quarantine yourself so that nobody else gets it. I think the major purpose of testing is to determine whether or not the patient is quarantined and/or monitored.
So you can take measures to quarantine yourself to avoid infecting others. Coronavirus is much more contagious and deadly than the flu. You're much more of a risk to others if you have coronavirus vs. the flu.
because its not about you, you myopic nitwit
It's incredibly important for the CDC to be able to track the virus spread. Confirmed tests help them do this.
The language you quoted from the post is taken from the CDC website and the NC DHHS website. And the comments from the press conference were only true in that they basically said, "Given the very high standard we've set for someone getting a test, anyone can get a test." They're still rationing, they're just not calling it that.
It's not the NC govt.  It's the Federal government and that that idiot we call our President.
Again, the president throws financial solutions at a health crisis and of course it fails. Now you're blaming the state. That's crazy. This 100% falls on Trump's self-aggrandizing response. He should resign if thousands die.
bro bro, get a serious grip and stop perpetuating this hogwash. the reality is, sure, coronavirus is flu-like. but none of us are immune to it if we come into contact. this is a highly contagious virus. until herd immunity and/or a vaccine, it's important that this be taken seriously.   sure, the mortality rate is relatively low, but it's still much higher than the annual influenza death toll, and it will affect our most vulnerable populations.  so shut the fuck up and move on. there's no need to broadcast how, like, unconcerned you are, or whatever.
Read [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/medicine/comments/figd1n/i_posted_a_while_back_seeking_a_clinical_portrait/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) if you want to know what doctors are seeing. You won’t understand most of it because you are clearly not medical  This is way worse than flu and a completely different situation since it’s hitting a 100% non-immune population. Your flippancy will make people sick.
You just are not smart enough to be attempting whatever this is.
I could die a horribly painful death because of someone like *you* not taking it seriously and spreading it without caring about people at high risk like me.  You can not-kindly go fuck yourself.
it was the owner, she 100% could afford to take the time off unlike her employees.
Thanks for the great reply.  I believe the shortage is almost over.  A retailer friend of mine just bought tens of thousands of masks and is offering them for sale so maybe the recommendation should change.  I agree we shouldn't wear them unless we are sick, but many folks are asymptomatic and others can't get free or easy testing so we really don't know who's sick and should wear them and who's not?  If everyone wore a mask then, by definition, every sick person would also be wearing a mask in public.
Right. In this time though shouldn’t you just automatically quarantine yourself if your sick?
Ignorant question here: are there currently no treatment options for an otherwise healthy individual with no complicating issues other than stay home and wait it out? Assuming I'm not at risk to be killed by it and can't afford medical care, should I be good to just quarantine and wait should I get it?
>Your flippancy will make people sick  And kill 20% of them.
You don't know that...why is this CLT senator on AVL reddit?
I don't think we have any reason to believe the shortage is almost over. Reports coming out just days ago talk about the shortage getting worse. One anecdote does not hold any water with me. In fact, your retailer friend may be doing the US a disservice by diverting masks from medical workers. In our capitalist society I would not expect the govt to step in and limit purchasing to those who work medical, but that would probably be the right move right now. Instead, profiteers will divert them to individuals forcing medical workers to do things like attempt to disinfect and re-use used masks in ways that may or may not actually protect hospital workers (this is already happening btw). Again, leading to sick workers and therefore more deaths.  I think you're right that everyone wearing them would likely reduce transmission by some % (how much is unclear). But that's just not possible and won't be any time soon, thinking otherwise is very wishful thinking, sorry. The country is enormous and masks need to be changed frequently to be effective. Billions of masks are not going to appear overnight, especially with many factories in China still shut down. PS, the US does not have the kind of manufacturing flexibility for us to massively ramp up making our own masks, and creating that kind of ability will take months.  So I hear your concern. Masks for all would be great, though no silver bullet and not as good as social distancing. But it's not going to happen and panicking about the small % reduction in transmission is not where to focus your attention.
Sure, but my job will only pay me if I have a positive coronavirus test. So unless people can go without pay, they’re still going to go to work.
You should, yes. Unfortunately relying on good human nature in this situation is not effective. South Korea had wide scale testing very early and managed to slow the spread. Italy was less proactive and is now dealing with exponentially increasing cases.
Yeah, you're right, although the test results will also help those around you know to stay away. It will also help keep tabs on the number of actual cases that may become hospitalized, reducing the need for people to go to the doctor over the flu and subsequently overloading our healthcare system.
Yes, but not even just about getting paid - plenty of places will fire you point blank for calling in sick.  I'd hope they'd loosen that during a pandemic, but I don't have any faith they will.  The only way I've seen taking time off for being sick work at such places right now is at ones that are so slow they are cutting lots of hours, then you can "volunteer" to drop shifts.
It's a respiratory disease, so severe cases need treatment to restore proper breathing. Oxygen, breathing tubes, etc. Somewhere in the range of 10-20% of cases require hospitalization.
I would think so, although the big benefit to testing is that in the case that you need medical assistance, the doctors know to follow strict protocol and what to watch for while monitoring you.
So you're really surprised that the president lied to the American public?
And the Utah Jazz has *money*.
So, status quo.
You are probably right that we can not fulfill the short term demand for masks if the CDC made the recommendation to wear them, but I don't sense that you can confidently say that the shortage is or will get worse.    While I'm not a mask manufacturing expert, I've spent years in manufacturing in general and specifically in textiles.  I even worked for a diaper manufacturer and I can tell you that production can ramp up quickly when motivated.  One shift can multiply to three very easily and lines can be reproduced and sped up.  Other manufacturers can switch production to masks on a temporary basis as well and even diaper manufacturers could repurpose their lines to produce masks with minor modifications.  Granted, it's not as easy as pressing a switch, but it is doable.  I can tell you there is a bit of a chicken and egg problem here, however.  Without the demand for masks, manufacturers won't go through the effort of quickly increasing production and without the increased production, the CDC will not make a recommendation for everyone to wear masks.    Your response is very logical and well thought out, but I sense that your expertise is not in manufacturing and you may not be aware of the tremendous capacity we have to produce in this country.  The US is only slightly behind China in manufacturing capacity.  https://www.brookings.edu/research/global-manufacturing-scorecard-how-the-us-compares-to-18-other-nations/
What at all gives you the sense that there is not the demand required right now? there are massive shortages all over the world. Your own statements imply that there is already massive demand. I think the difference in our opinion is that I think creating even more massive demand would create chaos and panic. You think it would result in positive manufacturing outcomes. I think the articles that are coming out day after day about mask shortages in healthcare support my opinion. Your manufacturing expertise makes you more of an authority on how quickly we are able to ramp up, but I think that remains to be seen, and does not reflect the current reality. Therefore I think your recommendation is dangerous to public health, whereas you think it is beneficial. Given the mass panic buying going on right now already for things that we don't have shortages of, I just don't see how it could be responsible to make the recommendation to buy masks to the general public.   if our manufacturing capacity somehow responds to the already massive demand for masks, then my opinion would change. But not before then, because the risk to public health of creating a run on masks when we're already short for those in need is too high and could easily result in many more deaths than would be prevented by a small percentage reduction in demand by having some more individuals with masks.
Sadly, I can not disagree with you.  Hopefully, mask production ramps up quickly and a small percentage reduction in transmission will be achieved to help flatten the curve until we have better treatments or vaccines.    It sounds like wearing masks in Asia is a good idea and it's not currently a good idea in the US until production can meet demand.

Biltmore suspends operations in select locations amid coronavirus concerns

Hi! Since we have the megathread up, would you mind moving your link over there? Thanks!
whoops sorry. Moved and deleted.

3/15 - Update on coronavirus cases and testing in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/7tdffjqhavm41.jpg?width=820&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6c8730669aa35e9d4c2c0156ab097c47d82e2f2fAs of March 15 at 11:00 a.m., North Carolina has 32 \*known\* cases of coronavirus.14 in Wake, four in Mecklenburg, two in Forsyth, two in Harnett, two in Johnston, one everywhere else.We went from seven known cases to 32 in five days.Safe to say we have more than 32 \*actual\* cases AND that no one has any idea how many we really have.BUT I've seen some moderate estimates that nationally we may have (very) roughly 15,000 cases - the bulk of which are in WA, CA, and NY.So perhaps NC is... in the hundreds?There are two issues with that prediction:\- The level of confidence in the underlying national prediction is low. Who knows if it's close to 15,000.\- The current level of cases isn't nearly as important as the rate of growth.We could have 50 cases or 200 cases in NC right now and if we see the growth rate of 6 days/double (the emerging national trend), then the starting point doesn't matter much.At that rate, it could still fill all our state's hospital beds within a matter of 8-10 weeks (depending on how long recovery takes).And that's assuming NC hospital beds don't have any other patients. Right now they're approximately 80% full. They're trying to reduce that number but it certainly won't get to 0%.**So the challenge is this:**Lower the rate of infection (through wider testing and social distancing) to lower the double rate to make sure we have beds for everyone who needs serious treatment.That's how we save the most lives.**UPDATE ON TESTING:**The state lab has tested 259 people.The main private lab, LabCorp, reportedly has capacity for 3,000 tests per day but we have no idea how many they've actually done.But don't get lost in the numbers. **Here's what really matters:**To qualify for a test you still need to meet criteria beyond simply displaying flu-like symptoms AND you still need a doctor's note. That limitation is what test rationing actually looks like in practice, and it's not good.Widespread, effective testing would look like this:Anyone with flu-like symptoms can drive up to a screening center (maybe a tent in the parking lot of a hospital or a Wal-Mart), getting a rapid flu test, and then if it comes back negative, getting a coronavirus test. That's what we need, A.S.A.P.BUT there has been significant progress in the last two days. Full update on testing progress coming tomorrow.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Just wanted to comment that I find these posts incredibly informative and helpful. Solid numbers for the area I live in, a concise and straight account of the shortcomings of those numbers and the issues likely to come, and the reassurance that at least someone in the leadership of this state is thinking about this somewhat levelheadedly.   Plus no editorializing and its a not hidden behind a paywall like so many of the local and regional news sites.
Senator, do you have any information on the supply of PPE in North Carolina? I am worried that doctors and nurses are not going to have adequate protection when taking care of COVID-19 patients. Masks are also needed for patients being treated at home.
Jeff Jackson is a G
Is there any ability or capacity to set up tents or use large venues for medical treatment in the event that the number of infected outnumber the amount of hospital beds?
Will there be efforts to establish drive through testing sites across the state? This tactic seems to be effective and safe as it isolates doctors from patients, as well as eliminates the need for excessive contact and sterilization. Thank you for this update.
Thank you for keeping us informed, senator!
I've definitely got it and can't get tested, your estimated numbers are too low.
So if someone test positive for the flu, could they not also have COVID-19? Are they mutually exclusive?
 I wish my Senator talk to me on Reddit
Do Not Blow Smoke. Hospitals are a business. Their beds will ALWAYS be near capacity. They are capitalists.   What we need: The Governor needs to emphasize self-responsibility. For example - There is a man in Kentucky DELIBERATELY infecting everyone. He is now in his house with arm guards.  You better believe that will happen in North Carolina. What are YOU doing to prepare for this?
Just let me know when everyone stops freaking out and the apocolypse is over. I have a life to live in the meantime.
Agreed
Agreed. The news stresses me out, but I want to stay informed.  Thanks to Senator Jackson I can follow him and stay informed.   This is what good representation looks like.
+1
Taiwan had 15,000 five-man teams doing detailed contact tracing. That is a very large factor in why they have only ~50 cases on a 23,000,000 person island.
Y’all know me
If you definitely got it as you say what will a test do besides just "make it official for the record books"? There is no cure, just stay home in quarantine and treat yourself with the usual over the counter medications for Flu and dont spread it around.
What?
Coinfection rates are still being published.  One very small study reported the rate as high as 40%.
Then...go live your life? Do you want a prize or something?
Hell yeah! Those burgers aren’t gonna flip themselves!
Seriously.  We're just going to shut down our entire economy out of fear.  Plenty of people are going to have their lives wrecked by this even if they don't get sick.
Is that an actual Doctor Dré reference? Respect Senator, respect.
I have a cough that gets progressively worse daily. My chest is tightening. I have a low-grade fever and s a sore throat only some days, which is very strange. I've been sick and self-quarantined for 2 weeks today. The health department said that I do not qualify for a test because I have not traveled to a "hot spot" and to call 911 if I have difficulty breathing.
Just read some more that are stating < 2-3%.
Jeff might want to emphasize public compliance and "here's why." People are being asked to sacrifice their movement and they want to say what it means to them.
You can be seen and possibly tested at Sona clinic today from 3-5pm.
Can you get a flu test? I’ve been sick for the past month and then had a fever last week. Turned out to be flu.
To be fair, it *is* still cold and flu season, so you're far more likely to have something else. But you should also have the right to know one way or the other. I hope you feel better and are able to get a test soon. Keep us posted.
I do not own a car, and I absolutely refuse mass transportation and ride-sharing right now. I would much rather die than expose others, but thank you so much for the info! Keep us posted!
Are you prone to hypochondriac-like tendencies? If so, this may not be the fear-driven panic you're looking for
Honestly, how dumb can some of you be?
What a clueless dick.
You’re getting downvoted, but this isn’t exactly a rude response. This person says they’ve been quarantined for 14 days. The first known NC case was on March 3rd (12 days ago).  So they are convinced they have the coronavirus, and have been quarantined since two days before the first NC appeared.   Not impossible, but also would lead you to believe that there is a very good (better than half at least) chance that what this person has is the regular old every day flu.  Or a bad cold with bronchitis.   It’s possible it’s also COVID-19, but it’s far from definite.
Incredibly
Be well sweetie
It’s wild to me that these people really think they’re smarter than the majority of the world, including doctors. Weird time we live in
I mean, being in a blind panic is just not helpful. I don't give a damn what anyone says
He was wishing her a speedy recovery
What’s blind about it? We have a lot of info and ways to help avoid it. Seems simple.
>Seems simple   You'd think
Yeah, we're friends in the offline universe
Kinda creepy that you go through people's comment history to find commonalities. Do you have any irl friends on reddit???
So the answer about friends on reddit is no I take it
Protect yourself from the corvid friendo 🌚
Whatever gets your goat my dude
It's all in the production value
It's all in the production value

Businesses still bustling in downtown Asheville despite coronavirus concerns...SERIOUSLY?

Business is finally starting to dry up. Over the weekend we had a lot of people who were either following through on already made plans, or were celebrating more locally after their cruises or other events were cancelled. But most people have gotten the message now that they really need to hunker down at home. I'm enforcing on what walk-in traffic there is that you must go wash your hands immediately on entering the store. We'll probably move to a by-appointment-only policy in the next couple of days, while trying to get as much inventory available to buy online as possible.  I'm torn between wanting to shut down entirely and wanting not to burn bridges in terms of not paying rent while still being able to feed my family. When this is all over the rich will be richer and the rest of us will be poor, even if we didn't start out that way.
It’s normal to have a lot of anxiety right now but it’s also important to remember that this pandemic is going to impact different people in different ways. We need to be supportive of each other and keep in mind the well-being of our community and its diverse population.  If you are worried about local businesses being open, simply stay home and do what you can to take care of yourself.   Keeping our service industry professionals in my thoughts.
Stop being stupid people
As someone who works in downtown in one of these ‘businesses’, I hope I still have a job next week. SERIOUSLY.   Maybe you could stop buying all the toilet paper.   Seriously.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.denverpost.com/2020/03/16/hancock-coronavirus-denver-restaurants-dmv/amp/
I'm so disappointed in humans. All we have to do to save lives is stay home.
All restaurants and bars should be SHUT DOWN for at least 2 weeks.  Probably  more like 8-10.
Everyone please do what you can to support local businesses and all the workers in the service industry whose livelihood depends on it.   In addition to minimizing the spread of the virus, we also need to do everything we can to minimize the damage to the economy.
I know of one downtown that just shut down except for takeout.
I’m pretty sure the Asheville community would come together to help the locals in need. Especially if the tourist f’d off.  I’d gladly share supplies and food with the employees of the restaurants we go to daily. They shouldn’t be expected to expose themselves, and spread the virus.
I hope y’all are well enough to work when it’s time to reopen.
>I'm so disappointed in ~~humans~~ capitalism.
But muh tips
I am paid 100% in tips. I’d be homeless real quick if that happened for 8-10 weeks.
Watch this video from the Ohio health director, posted today, and see if this changes your mind at all.   https://youtu.be/uloe-oC3z2U  The short term financial impact would not put a dent in a long term impact if these warnings aren't heeded.  Downtown business should switch to delivery options asap.
Public health and safety is more important, and right now, that should mean staying the fuck home and not encouraging businesses to stay open and continuing to spread the virus. Everyone's livelihood is threatened right now, whether they like it or not, and there needs to be a few businesses right now that can lead the movement to preemptively close in the hopes of saving some lives, rather than protecting the economy. Regardless if there's still foot traffic downtown or not, by staying open right now, businesses are putting thousands of people in danger and ensuring that our healthcare system can get completely overwhelmed in a matter of days.
You are foolish
Thank you. It’s appreciated. We are taking every single precaution we can. But without foot fall there is no income. Tips is our wage, there is no salary. I realize staying open is not ideal, it’s a fine line.
There are also paper mills and the ingles central distributing center.
As humans, we are the only ones that can fight capitalism. We have got nothing else left to lose. Rise up.
But muh bills.
Evictions will cease like they have in Italy and NYC. Unfortunatley, this is much bigger than you think. Does anyone really believe the globe is shutting down for a few thousand old people deaths? Head over to r/coronavirus  It's time for folks to put on their thinking cap and never take them off again. Godspeed.
The sba is offering low interest loans to small biz located in affected areas when they meet certain criteria. Hopefully your employer is willing to subsidize your tips to some degree. I'm expecting  non essential buisness to be ordered to close before too long. If they arent aware of this option I'd pass it along. I'm in the same boat as you. Its fucked to have to choose between your safety and rent.
Would you rather be homeless and dying?
Are you offering financial assistance so we can pay our rent?
People going out to eat are foolish.
I worked device industry for 15+ years. In the slow season here I would live on a few dollars a week.   It can be done.  Any restaurant that isn’t independent needs to buck up and help it’s employees.   There is no reason employees of hotels, restaurant groups, chains and large breweries shouldn’t be compensated and given time off.   I understand this is not always an option for smaller independent places.
I understand that side, but hopefully we can all end the tipping culture at this time of need and realize how fucked up it is
Please don’t think I don’t get it. I’m European, my family is in the U.K., my sister lives in Italy, believe you me I get it.   I am just worried trying to figure out how to provide my family. Europe at least has a strategy. It’s a sad time when the leader of the free world does not have a clue where to start. We all used to look to the US for answers. Not anymore. Not trying to make any of this political. I’m just a worried husband, that’s all.
Serious question; if evictions and rent are ceased during a lockdown, does that mean when this is all said and done I’ll have to pay 2-3 months rent all at once?   It would be great to not have to pay rent if I lose my income for 2-3 months. But that just leaves me with another, even larger, bill down the road...
A zero interest loan wouldn’t even help. That would just give me a ether bill to pay when you let me work again. That would put me in spiraling debt
I’d rather this wasn’t happening. I’d rather people would be ok. I’d rather the health care system wasn’t so overwhelmed right now. I’d rather not be isolated from my family who live in Europe.   I’d also rather you stop posting without an ounce of compassion. World isn’t black and white.
Ok boomer
Don’t know why you got downvoted, couldn’t agree more with this
It would be so nice to get a paycheck over $50 for 2 weeks of work for once.
It is truly terrifying. I'm so sorry for all of us. Godspeed.
Serious answer: no one knows. Anyone who pretends to know has an agenda.
Our infrastructure is going to fall apart. It's inevitable.  Edit: Our entire reality is about to change. What's happening is much more severe than what governments are saying. There's censorship and muzzling happening globally in way I didn't imagine possible. It's important to see the leaked videos coming out of China, Iran, and Italy. Listen to what the (muzzled) health care workers are saying, not the governments. r/coronavirus
If you are a business owner, I certainly do wish the best for you. Def are no “ideal” situations out there right now. Hardly any good ones. If you are an employee of a small business, I don’t think your employer could legally bill you for anything. Best regardless.
Should've added an /s maybe, just trying to be real with you. I'd rather you accept the reality that your tips aren't going to matter in a number of days, in the grand scheme of things, neither are mine, that this is bigger than all of us and we HAVE to do our part to take the right advice and stop the spread, that's the number one priority. My compassion right now is rooted in trying to help some people realize that the economy isn't as important as saving lives.
And the employer kicks in some money when you get unemployment. How are they supposed to pay for that?
Sorry buddy.  Just turned 40.
Actually, the boomers are the ones most ignoring good quarantine advice.
You clearly do not understand the meaning behind that term.
Yeah ... that’s not how that works. I think this what they call fake news.
Helps everyone really
yeah, maybe my first post was not well written, but damn I hate the tipping culture here.  just reflects a lot of what I see weird here in the states.
Thank you!
Any sources for these leaked videos? Very curious and open minded over here! I also hope you feel better soon!
People are saying 2% death rate isn't that bad, but 2% of 7billion is 140million. That's more people dead than WW1 and 2 combined.
Start here https://youtu.be/oMy2h_2-F-0  There's also a 1st part and a 3rd on the way. Over at r/coronavirus and r/china_flu there's plenty more, but does require some time to find.  Edit: Thank you! Stay safe!
Indeed.  It would be negligent not to mention that Italy is at 7% and every nation is being censored more than ever before (atleast since the Spanish Flu). There is so much I cannot say, but I absolutely urge everyone to do their due diligence.   Now.    r/coronavirus   r/China_Flu (less censorship, yet still remarkably more than I ever imagined for the states)    Godspeed.
You’re the one that’s scared to go to work. How are you trying to say I’m the one mentally affected.
Thank you!

NC coronavirus coordination Slack channel

Hi! Since your post is about COVID-19, could you please move it to the megathread? Once the channel is up, I'd be happy to put it in the text body of the megathread if you'd like. Thanks!

3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/02qt3itvx3n41.jpg?width=940&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=9cbe56d8c65fc75a8172a5424539ef6c2f517d3a**NC coronavirus numbers as of March 16*** 38 known cases (and 33 cases in SC)* No confirmed community spread (but nobody thinks it doesn’t exist)* One hospitalization* 369 people have been tested by the state (unknown number tested by non-state labs)* State currently has capacity for 1,300 more tests (unknown non-state capacity, but reportedly much higher)**Here’s the latest on the coronavirus testing situation in NC**There are two ways to get a test:1. A doctor decides you should have one and orders it from a commercial lab like LabCorp or from a hospital (UNC/Atrium/Novant) that has in-house testing capacity. These are "non-state" tests.2. Fever of at least 100.4 + negative flu result + *cough or shortness of breath* = you quality for a state lab test BUT a doctor still has to contact the county health department and get their permission AND we’re hearing about many cases where that permission is not being given due to scarce supply of state test kits.The immediate goal is expand testing capacity to the point where **EVERYONE who has fever + negative flu test + cough** can get tested.To see why that’s not currently happening, it helps to understand how the CDC supply chain works:* CDC sends test kits to the state* State distributes to counties* Counties release on a case-by-case basis as doctors call in**BUT*** CDC initially prioritized shipments to states that are getting slammed by coronavirus like WA and CA and NY, with states like NC only getting a small sliver.* Some counties are (reportedly) reluctant to release any test kits unless the patient has had direct contact with a COVID case - even if they meet the criteria of fever + negative flu test + cough. They are holding back for cases in which there has been direct contact with a COVID case out of a concern of lack of available tests and the need to prioritize. Some of this may have also been caused by confusion about the eligibility criteria, but fortunately the state COVID hotline - which had been overwhelmed - got extra capacity added today.But there's no question that some people who need to be tested have been turned away. Fixing that is the immediate priority.**To be clear: We need to very quickly get to a point where everyone with fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.**So what are we doing to expand capacity?* Getting more test kits from the CDC* Partnering with LabCorp and other private vendors (so we’re not as dependent on the CDC for test kits)* Partnering with UNC Health Care, which just got federal approval to start testing today and is already setting up its first drive-thru testing center in Henderson County* Several non-state health care providers are expanding their own testing abilities, like Novant, Atrium, Tryon Medical Partners (which just found one of our state's 38 cases), and a clinic in Asheville. (If you know of more, please let me know! Tomorrow I'll publish a comprehensive list.)**Bottom-line:**It's hard to get a state lab test because they are being strictly rationed but the immediate goal is to have enough testing capacity to make sure that everyone who has a fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.More soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for continuing to keep us updated on this, u/JeffJacksonNC!
Can you he my senator too plz
So I called the corona virus hotline and they took my info and told me to get a test done. Apparently there was a sister's of mercy on merrimon that had a few test but they couldn't promise me I'd get to take it today. I opted to wait till the location near me gets tests tomorrow morning rather then drive around trying to get tested.  This shit is weird. Sometimes I'm fine with only a slight shortness of breath. Other times my fever spikes to slightly above 100 and it feels like I sprinted a football field while laying in bed.  Update: I'm officially under quarantine for 5 days until my test results come back.
Thank you for the updates Senator. Keep 'em coming!
**Accurate** information -- good or bad -- is *GREATLY* appreciated.
Thank you Senator Jackson. Truly appreciate you coming on for an update each day.
What is the prioritization for who gets tested?  Testing everyone, once a week, sounds nice, but is not realistic.
Seems like state wide quarantine should be in effect since most of us can't get tested and continue to interact with everyone........
Out of curiousity, what is the clinic in Asheville?
Thank you for the update, Sen Jackson.
Thank you Senator. Extremely helpful.   Please run for Governor in 4 years.
These are absolutely minuscule numbers.  And we're choosing to shut down our entire economy over this??  Plenty of people are going to have their lives wrecked by this even if they never come close to catching the virus.
Hello. Tomorrow (Tuesday) there will be tests administered at UNC Asheville as well as at a church in south asheville. Will report back tomorrow morning with specifics as my partner is on the medic team administering the testing. This was just approved today.
There will be drive thru testing today from 1pm-6pm at UNCA in the parking lot where the farmers market usually is. There will also be testing at Biltmore Church in South Asheville, not sure of the hours though
Absolutely.
Sona on Fairview Rd,
I wonder how many people were saying this in Italy two weeks ago...   "Just the flu bro!"
Same outfit so likely same hours. I'm at the Pardee drive through at Blue Ridge Community college now. 7-7 hours.

Coronavirus: Contacts of positive Buncombe visitor quarantined

I think it would be ignorant of us to believe this hasn't been here for a month or more. Just the number of people here on vacation from infected areas I've encountered is ridiculous.
Why aren't authorities releasing all the locations that the person visited?!
I hope no one was under the impression that the virus wouldn’t come here eventually.
Coworkers wife was notified that she had direct contact with someone  that tested positive at the hospital she works at this morning. But she wasn't told when she was in contact with said patient.
Agreed, but dangers aren't real for some folks until it happens to someone they know.
 Check megathread 3
Exactly why that type of behavior should have legal ramifications. If I lived in New York where there's already a bunch of confirmed cases and traveled somewhere anyways, I would expect that being treated as a crime for endangering other people because that's what I did and that's one reason this thing spread so quickly.
Where is that?

Asheville & WNC Coronavirus Community group on FB
[**Asheville & WNC Coronavirus Community - Updates & Support**](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ashevillecoronavirus/?__cft__[0]=AZUE9_BjVNualw6cjVD-kh1Y4PpugFtYkFo-rHXNOpvllsREQjcTEZCIVD19kRKmeibX-M3s4r7GXVfZ-UBPm61wmPkbdZ5GpP99UGfkApclLAZTLgGoy_PwBUJFN5LanlFE3iE0iEJxn_GB0M8qFCBQJpcB9nhI7lH0-19XpVQprw&__tn__=-UC%2CP-y-R) **- this FB group has lots of resources, including a virtual mental health support group, service and job listings, volunteer opportunities, a list of business closings and restaurants that are offering takeout, and more.**
Hi! Would you mind adding this to the megathread when tomorrow's post goes up?
I can only imagine the disinformation in that group.
sure!
There are 5 people moderating this group, fact-checking everything, making sure there are legit sources for all info, there's no bull shit and no repeated posts. Hate FB all you like, but we're working our butts off to make this group of value.
I’m mostly referring to the conversations that go on within Facebook comment sections wasn’t trying to suggest this group is being irresponsible sorry
thank you for taking the time to reply... appreciated

For U.S. small restaurants, coronavirus impact is swift and brutal

> In the space of a month, the Hillyards had gone from their strongest financial period, ever, to at least temporarily closing their doors.  I think a lot of restaurants in town can identify with this quote.
As a server working downtown almost all of us have been terminated. Employers have laid us off so we can claim the unemployment benefit which I hope works for most folk. I’m a permanent resident and as much as it is legal for me to claim it too, it goes against my public charge status so I’m currently refraining from using it. But I hope it works for everyone else!
what would be the best restaurants to support at this time? I want to do my part!
GrubHub has gotten more extensive with the restaurants they deliver from. They're also hosting a community relief fund wherein you can donate your change from your order. Keeps local courier workers busy, plus helps local restaurants. Folks should check it out if they can afford it.
All off to a great start- strong January due to the light winter and now this overreactive nonsense. Many places won’t come back.
I own a bakery and we have a clause in our business insurance that covers basic expenses due to a national/natural event. If you own a business that’s being affected, I would urge you to speak with your insurance company.
There was an expansion on unemployment where they dont need to fire you and they wont be punished. It also relaxed who can be accepted. I'd atleast try. You pag into that fund through state payroll tax.
I think just supporting your local faves is enough. Grubhub has partnered with a lot of local joints and delivers for a reasonable fee, and has taken good steps to protect their drivers and you, such as ensuring food is left on your doorstep in lieu of hand delivery. But honestly, even chains are affected, and especially their employees, which are our neighbors no matter where their CEOs sit. I say support your favorites whatever they are, but going local wherever possible. If you have the means to support restaurants and stores during this time, do it up. Places of specific need (such as Pennycup) will show up in this sub.  Stay well and sane.
Buy meals for pickup/delivery if they are offering or buy gift cards to use once they open again. I'm actually planning to do the latter with my local salon also so this probably applies for many local businesses.
You're right that many places won't come back.  Unfortunately, you're dead wrong about it being an overreaction.
That's cool man, I dare you to hop a flight to Northern Italy! I triple double dog dare you. I hear the weather is great this time of year.
I sincerely sincerely hope that it's an overreaction. Our two options right now are: overreact and quell the outbreak, or just say fuck it and take half measures and watch it ravage our population over the next year.
The great thing is all you morons who don't believe in science or reality are going to ignore the quarantine and get yourselves killed. Natural selection is finally going to work again, and the rest of us will be much better off for it.
That is great advice, thank you for sharing!
And they cover pandemics? That’s great!
u/cromagnum84 I just spoke with our insurance agent and they claim that no one has coverage for disease or pandemics. Have you found this to be true for your policies as well? Did your agency actually cover your basic expenses?
Who is your provider?
It has nothing to do with legality. I am completely eligible to take it. In a different rule for green cars holders, they can’t be a charge to the public. So in reality as much as I am legal to take it, if I do take it and it ever came to a naturalization interview, I’d be shooting myself in the foot. It’s messed up I know...
No, he or she is most certainly right, but the fearful outnumber the sensible,  once again.  I'll just direct you to the grocery stores if you disagree.
Pay my fare and I am there  Educate yourself
Florida continues to take half measures -- they have been keeping the beaches open to soak all that spring-break money instead of shutting down like everyone else.  So they are just as bad as the selfish people, trying to keep the money flowing for themselves as restaurants and hotels in the rest of the country sacrifice.  It is inexcusable.  All the restaurants and hotels here should reopen until Florida completely stops. Fuck Florida.
Oh there’s nothing we can do and this is the better option then where it was headed without Covid- that’s what they massive buy ins were for.  But seeing this for what it truly is - well it’s crucial for some of just as denial delusion is for others
The terrible thing is that we can't just say to some science-denying jerk  "you'll get what you deserve" because in reality *many other people* will get what he deserves.  We need to be accusing them of being culpable for  adding to the count of 1-2 MILLION lives we're projected to lose in America before this is over.  We need to be screaming bloody murder at them.    There is no instant karma here.  We can't keep tuning out from behavior that hurts others and say "well, the bad guys will surely get theirs!"  This applies to the current acute crisis as well as the chronic crisis of capitalism.
We are still operating at this point.
The Hartford
Take a look at the top comment here: https://amp.reddit.com/r/immigration/comments/fjp07e/does_collecting_unemployment_count_toward_being_a/
Oh shit I misunderstood. PM me if you need any help.nill see what I can do
I’m a green card holder. Are you saying there are repercussions if I take unemployment? Even though I’ve paid in tens of thousands in taxes? Is this just under the current regime?
The hoarding is an overreaction, not the isolation.
While individuals hoarding is not an appropriate reaction, an immediate policy of quarantine is.  I'll just direct you to the science if you disagree.  http://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1239975682643357696.html  If we did nothing, 2.2 million people would die in America alone.  And even with a long period of rolling quarantines, a lot of people are going to die.    So do enjoy your sense of smug superiority while you still can.
Our informed opinion (healthcare and IT background) is not popular   We can’t change what’s happening, but understanding what’s REALLY happening is crucial. People either can’t understand or refuse to.
Florida is concidering flower farms "essential business" right now so yes, fuck Florida!
I 100% agree with you. My hope is that some shame and derision will accomplish what facts and logic clearly cannot.
I just want to say that I switched to The Hartford from State Farm a few months ago and it was the best decision ever. I highly recommend them to any biz owner. Only took minutes, saved money, and they actually understood what I needed covered.
I appreciate it. Hanging tight for now. Will see what the future brings.
Let me first say that I am not an expert and can’t speak to this professionally. I’ve been here a year and half and my us wife’s family co-signed for me to be here. Papers were signed saying I would not become a public charge (burden to the taxpayer). If you look at the public charge provision it says we can’t receive benefits for more than 12 months of a 36 month period. Not sure unemployment actually falls into that category.  My thought is I’m just trying to stay as clean as possible. If it ever comes up as a question I just want to be able to give a hard no as an answer. Especially with the current and potentially future administration. That being said, if this drags on, I may have to.   I am not discouraging you from going for it, I don’t know enough myself. And these do seem like extraordinary times.
Just want to say that apparently this model was too negative per this live thread with Bill Gates yesterday:  https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/fksnbf/im_bill_gates_cochair_of_the_bill_melinda_gates/fkujznm/  I was scared too until I read his reply and I felt a bit more reassured afterward.
Please inform us. What does your background help you see that we do not? I'm serious.
Anyone you'd recommend?  I'm currently with State Farm for my business.
Ahh thank you for the explanation, and I don’t blame you!  I’ve been here since 1980 and never signed anything like that. I’ve never planned to seek citizenship so I think I’m safe enough.
Bill Gates saying it's too negative, while giving absolutely no evidence to suggest that any of the assumptions and data going into the study's model are flawed, does not change my opinion.
Definitely recommend The Hartford. I talked with a guy named Michael and his direct number is (860) 602-3811. He was great but you could just call them though and they'll route you to someone.

Sen. Richard Burr Told Private GOP Audience Three Weeks Ago That Coronavirus Would Be Dire: Secret Recording

Hi! I'm trying to keep the main /r/Asheville feed uncluttered and someone posted about this a few minutes before you, so I'm going to remove this thread. Thank you for contributing! I hope you can add to the discussion in that first post [https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/flcb06/how\_about\_this\_piece\_of\_shit/](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/flcb06/how_about_this_piece_of_shit/)

Coronavirus: Buncombe orders certain businesses to close, bans gatherings of 10 or more

Why the heck are shopping malls specifically exempt from this order?    Are they removing all furniture in the food court?  Asking people not to handle the wares?  Not to try them on any clothes?  What ridiculous half-measures are being taken at the mall that we can convince ourselves they should stay open?
It’s about time.
Can’t pull up the Scribd link. Says it’s been removed. Anyone have a useable link?  Curious if places like Best Buy, TJ Max’s, etc closed.   Also...why is the mall still open???
Weird, the first draft of this news article included barbershops in the list of closures-- glad to see they will remain open, at least for this cut.
The Asheville Mall is technically “open”, but all stores inside are closed from what I’ve heard.
It seems retail is exempt because no one is *maintaining contact for 10 minutes or more* despite plenty of opportunities for transmission.  The full claridication:  [County Declaration Mandates Expansion of Social Distancing, Closes Certain Businesses](https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18565)  Update March 19, 6:40 p.m.  Further clarification from BCHHS  In light of new information today regarding the presence of community spread of COVID-19 in North Carolina, local jurisdictions should enforce the more stringent Order of Abatement of Imminent Hazard issued by the Secretary of the NC Department of Health and Human Services, which states that “seating areas of restaurants and bars constitute an imminent hazard for the spread of COVID-19.” **Restaurants shall close all seating areas immediately and bars are directed to close immediately. Restaurants are restricted to carry-out, drive-through, and delivery to ensure food is available while maintaining social distancing.** Restaurant staff are not permitted to serve patrons indoors or in the outdoor seating area, and all areas of North Carolina are subject to mass gathering restrictions and social distancing guidelines. **If a restaurant has outdoor seating, onsite consumption in the outdoor seating area is not permitted** pursuant to the Governor’s Order of Abatement.  In Buncombe County, the Local State of Emergency Supplemental Declaration limits public gatherings to no more than 10 people. This order applies to all of Buncombe County and its six municipalities and went into effect at 5 p.m. Thursday, March 19.  The intent of this Local State of Emergency Supplemental Declaration is to decrease the risk of exposure and limit the spread of COVID-19 in Buncombe County through social distancing. Social Distancing is a specific strategy, proven by data to severely lessen the impact of high consequence pathogens by minimizing the opportunity for close contact encounters.  The declaration achieves this goal by mandating the closure of specified businesses and entertainment venues.  **This Declaration applies to gyms and fitness centers (include: martial arts studios, cross-fit gyms, dance studios) indoor pools, spas (spas include: massage parlors, medical spas, nail salons, beauty parlors, hair dressers, even one chair salons, barber shops) and tattoo parlors, movie theaters, live performance venues, and arcades (including: bowling alleys, indoor recreation centers, climbing gyms, trampoline parks, escape rooms).**  **This is not an exhaustive list. If your business or service delivery requires you to be within 6 ft. of another person for a duration of 10 minutes or more, then it is likely that it falls within the Local State of Emergency Supplemental Declaration.**  **This Declaration does not include grocery stores, pharmacies, convenience stores, hardware stores, gas stations, farmers markets, and food distribution sites selling prepared food. These are locations where the public are not generally in close contact with other patrons.**  This local Declaration also mandates that there will be no public gatherings of Ten (10) persons or more. This **limitation on gatherings to 10 people does not include normal operations at medical facilities, recovery groups, airports, bus and train stations, shopping malls, office environments, factories, and child care centers.**
That's incorrect.  Barbershops, beauty salons, and spas are all included in this order and must close.    [https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18565](https://www.buncombecounty.org/countycenter/news-detail.aspx?id=18565)  24:58 for the question& answer clarifying this point

Secret Recording Exposes Intelligence Chairman Warning Donors About Coronavirus 3 Weeks Ago

Our Senator, Richard Burr, at work. While Trump was lying, he was telling fat cats just how bad it was going to be, leaving all of us--including his Fox News loving supporters--to get sick.
Hi! Thanks for posting this link! Since this story has been posted already today, I've removed your post. I'm just trying to keep the /r/Asheville thread uncluttered and centralized. Thanks for understanding and thanks for your contributions to the sub!

Sam's Club Asheville - Corona Virus Hoarding
Just wondering if anyone has been to Sams lately.  I was thinking about picking up a few things but did not want to if its understocked and crowded
I'm going to pick up a bunch of TVs and huge bags of cheeseballs.  Got to prepare you know.
I was at patton sams on sunday.  Normal crowd.  That may change now that covid19 has hit NC.  They had no hand sanitizer and a few meds slots were empty but had plenty of everything else.  I would expect a panic rush pretty soon.  There's always a rush on milk and eggs when they call for 1" of snow.
Almost all the sanitizing wipes from Clorox were gone from Wal-Mart today.
Only thing you’ll have problems finding is hand sanitizer.
Throw in some 2 liter bottles of wine and I'm right there with you.
I've seen that many Dollar stores have plenty
Ingles still has stock of hand sanitizer and they haven't run up the price. Still $1.
Boxes of wine...
Thanks for the heads up! I’ve since learned you can make your own from a 1 to 3 ratio of Aloe vera gel to 91% isopropyl alcohol
Yeah, that lol. Haven't had my coffee yet.

Corona Virus in Asheville at Mission

I heard the same rumor almost two weeks ago.   Maybe stop posting anecdotal evidence and gossip and wait for some sort of official announcement?
I would be careful posting that stuff without a source.
I’ll take it down until I get a source. Hope it’s not true, and I’m not just deleting heads up.

