ACC to hold games without fans due to COVID-19
Well at least that'll help "flatten the curve." Now if only Furniture market will take a hint.[https://www.newsobserver.com/sports/college/acc/article241105201.html](https://www.newsobserver.com/sports/college/acc/article241105201.html)&#x200B;Edit: the ACC has now been cancelled. 
Would have been cool to have made that decision before the entire crowd was already in town. Now the same people are just going to be wandering around
Now cancelled.
and yet the 80,000 people coming next month is no issue!?   [https://hpenews.com/news/14614/despite-nc-state-of-emergency-furniture-market-to-go-as-planned/](https://hpenews.com/news/14614/despite-nc-state-of-emergency-furniture-market-to-go-as-planned/)
UNCG made me park at the four seasons due to this tournament!! And now the parking lot ain't even gonna get used!!
Also relevant: the NBA is suspending games until further notice after a player tests positive for COVID-19  [https://www.theverge.com/2020/3/11/21176000/nba-suspends-season-coronavirus-utah-jazz-gobert-test-covid-19](https://www.theverge.com/2020/3/11/21176000/nba-suspends-season-coronavirus-utah-jazz-gobert-test-covid-19)  If the NBA can do it, so can Furniture Market.
ACC is cancelled.  FSU crowned ACC Champions -- I shit you not.
Better late than never.
What's cancelled?
It’s the money, honey.
It's a month away, they have plenty of time to plan and advise. My feeling is that they will cancel, but really there's no need to announce a cancellation this far out.
Wtf! That’s just stupidly poor planning. Hopefully the schmo in charge will realize how dumb that is!
Wow! If the players are getting it, the whole NBA system could get it..that would be almost pandemic levels
They are the outright regular season champs regardless of what would have happened in the tournament.
Is it though?  Everyone is already here.  Granted they aren’t infecting each other inside the arena, but all of these people are now going to be wandering all over town while they wait for their flights back home.    I mean, yes...better late than never.  But they should have done this days ago.
ACC Tournament.
I feel like the NBA probably brings in more money than Furniture Market...just sayin' lol
Right? If they had cancelled sooner it wouldn't take me 20 mins to get to my car
Hopefully they will all disperse back home. This and the furniture market crowd is making me nervous.
Was hoping you'd share a source to share but I found one: [https://www.nunesmagician.com/2020/3/12/21176888/breaking-acc-mens-basketball-tournament-cancelled](https://www.nunesmagician.com/2020/3/12/21176888/breaking-acc-mens-basketball-tournament-cancelled)
Furniture market brings *all* the money for the *whole year* for High Point to live on. All the taxes. All the commercial spending.
Ugh. So are they bussing students to their cars?
They can claim the market is going on as planned all they like...if things keep progressing, I don’t see any way it happens.  It’s over a month away.    If it does, the public backlash is going to be nuts.  People are just now starting to realize how big of a deal this is.
My apologies. I meant to paste the link from Greensboro News.
Yes, usually we park in e lot, and so it only takes the buses a bit of time to get there, but due to the tournament we had to park at the Four Seasons, extending our bus ride time. It's annoying for everyone, but most of all fo4 the drivers I think, who are just trying to do their best to stay on schedule
Yes, and that’s what worries me. Once there is a case in greensboro or high point, it’s too late.
No worries- thanks for sharing the update; I hadn't heard about that yet.
I bet! I live right across campus off mendenhall so always wondered how they did that with the one lot down near the coliseum. You have plenty of hand soap and hand sanitizer?
It’s already here.  I’m pretty sure of that.  I have no doubt it’s in every community in the United States at this point.  We are in the early stages, but in the next week or two we will start seeing more reports of cases.  Or when testing actually starts.  At this point all we can do is our best to try to contain it.
Yup! Cleaning my hands constantly!
Two cases reported in Forsyth county today
Was just reading there is a couple in Winston Salem who are most likely positive for COVID-19. If it's there it's here too. I fully agree with you.
Good! I was worried the students wouldn’t really have a chance to score sanitizer. Thankfully I bought some week before last I but I haven’t seen any on the shelves since then.
Yeah it ran out so quickly! Thankfully my family was able to stock up
Good! We all gotta stick together!
Indeed! It's a good thing that UNCG is closing next week, I think everyone should stay home for a bit until the situation gets safer
Agreed!

Greensboroians: how prepared are you for COVID-19? Have you purchased essentials?
I am wondering what different shopping experiences were like for those of you who have gone out.
If you guys can’t find TP, attachable bidets are on amazon for around $20, easy to install and mostly eliminate TP needs if you’re patient enough to drip dry. Just in case all the shelves are empty.
I have an unopened pack of toilet paper and I'm going to get chicken noodle soup cans later today just in case. Might pick up another bottle of soap too. I live by myself, so I don't have to worry about catching it from someone I live with. I'm more worried about catching it at work.
I have 4 bottles of wine and a case of beer...  ;)      Seriously, though, I was already fully stocked because I do most of my shopping at Costco and through Amazon and get Amazon deliveries on things like toilet paper and paper towels, every 3 months.  I am low on hand sanitizer and I haven't seen any at Costco, Harris Teeter or Walmart, but I have plenty of regular soap, so I'm good.  I stopped by Harris Teeter earlier today because I wanted potatoes, and noticed that they were totally out of toilet paper.  I actually made a special trip to the toilet paper aisle because I was curious.
We’ve not encountered any shortages yet, but did notice on our trip to Costco that many carts were filled with bottled water and little else.  Also the pharmacy was backed up - could be that some are making sure they have enough medicine.  It is worth noting that much of our supply comes from China and India.  I am a homebody, so self-isolation is not a problem for me.  I have sympathy for those with children and workers unsure about what to do or what is coming.  We have good people everywhere who will step up and do what’s right when it comes right down to it.  Be one of those people if you can, but if you need help or feel sick PLEASE reach out for help from family, neighbors, or health personnel.  There are many ways to do this without physical contact. It is vitally important to identify known cases so they can isolate properly to prevent spread.  Think of it as not only saving your own life, but hundreds or maybe thousands of others.  Some stores have delivery and if it is done right vulnerable people can avoid exposure.
Toilet paper is all but gone in most stores as well as bleach and bleach based wipes.
For everything I've heard about shortages and empty shelves, I have yet to encounter any. Haven't had an issue buying anything yet. Obviously a lot of people are (like me) thinking it's a big freak-out over nothing, but if you just want to be prepared and stock up you won't have an issue getting whatever you need. Just don't get stuck with a lifetime supply of Purell if nothing comes of it.
How have I prepared for the flu? Lived my life the same aa I have since the day I was born
I have a good friend who has a bidet and we rag on him endlessly about it...  Who's the idiot now.
Man, that’s not a bad idea!
Soups are a good idea!
Oh, man....I should go to the ABC store!
Me too! Friendly Center Teeter fully out of TP today, but plenty of Kleenex boxes. Why aren’t those gone? That would be high class wiping I guess.
The bottled water thing annoys me because I went to the Walmart Grocery and they were out of distilled water. I put it in my CPAP machine and I just needed a gallon. Who drinks distilled water??
Well, I suppose that’s a good thing! FYI, I was just able to place a store pickup for Clorox spray and toilet paper at the Walmart on Elmsley.
Right?! I have one extra pack of TP, but that’ll be gone quickly anyway, as my son uses way more than he should Lolol. I can’t see buying cases of shit anyway, where would I even put it in my house?
Well, it’s not him. If you aim it right, you will find yourself in a different kind of monogamous relationship, and your friend has probably been laughing quietly about all you’re missing this whole time.
I installed a few versions of these throughout our home and guest suites.  We love them and it's cut down on my TP usage in our commercial properties drastically over the past year. Not to mention better on septic.  Everyone who uses them loves them so we've started gifting them.  The ones we buy are in that $40-70 range on Amazon.  A huge bonus, if you have any tp sensitivity it makes an incredible difference.
Might need a good hot toddy for virus/flu symptoms...or to prevent you from ripping your hair out after 14 days quarantine with the whole fam;-)
Perhaps you could ask the store to save a bottle or two for you considering your health needs?
All I saw today at the taj was alkaline water and regular bottled water. I do have an unopened gallon of distilled water here if you need it!
You can use this as a teaching opportunity. Go ahead and run out and keep it that way for a few days. "Sorry kid, stores are all out. Use this..." \*hands kid a phone book\*. See how long the next roll lasts after that experience.
Oh, totally so much better for septic or city!
C. All of the above
Hahahaha. I bet it lasts a really long time!

ACC Tournament Canceled Amid COVID-19 Precautions
Sports Illustrated Story[https://www.si.com/college/unc/basketball/acc-cancellation](https://www.si.com/college/unc/basketball/acc-cancellation)
This is for the best. I know it sucks, but it is the right thing to do. This whole thing feels surreal.
There was a lot of pissed off people in the building last night but it was the right call.

First confirmed case of COVID-19 in Guilford county
[https://www.journalnow.com/news/local/a-guilford-county-resident-has-tested-positive-for-covid-/article\_53275b32-3d3a-557e-a34d-837b64df9131.html](https://www.journalnow.com/news/local/a-guilford-county-resident-has-tested-positive-for-covid-/article_53275b32-3d3a-557e-a34d-837b64df9131.html)
I wonder what workplaces, stores, restaurants, bars, churches this person has been to.  Edit: according to DomesticSlacker's link below, this person works at Syngenta (on Swing Road off W. Market)
Dang, I just got back from Orlando too
[https://myfox8.com/news/coronavirus/employee-at-syngenta-in-greensboro-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/?fbclid=IwAR14dwip5E2K5KPqi\_nOOusNaTi5I7SeaVYwdC5q7uehOnAg00XF1f9sBGI](https://myfox8.com/news/coronavirus/employee-at-syngenta-in-greensboro-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/?fbclid=IwAR14dwip5E2K5KPqi_nOOusNaTi5I7SeaVYwdC5q7uehOnAg00XF1f9sBGI)
I saw one article that hinted it was from Greensboro, but I think it’s been deleted
Yup i ain't going no where
We’re up to three now:  https://myfox8.com/news/coronavirus/3rd-person-tests-positive-for-coronavirus-in-guilford-county/
You should probably be self-isolating already, if you can, especially if you were just in an airport.
According to my wife there have been several people in the GSO Facebook moms groups who have flu systems and tested negative for the flu. That was like 2 weeks ago. Their doctors didn’t order the COVID-19 tests and they just self quarantined.
Yea, I am. Just went to doctor but they’re not testing people for it unless they’ve been to certain hotspots.
There's a greensboro mom group?
I think it’s like Triad Moms or something on Facebook. I only hear about the stuff my wife tells me about. They do a lot of buy/sell stuff and the standard drama.

Greensboro’s finest have been called into action against COVID-19

Playgrounds are going to be cleaned twice a week. As a parent, I really appreciate that!

Guilford County COVID-19 Virtual Town Hall @ 6pm
The public health situation in North Carolina is rapidly changing. Just yesterday, Guilford County officials confirmed the first positive case of COVID-19 in the county. To that end, we’re holding a virtual town hall this evening from 6:00-7:30pm with the state and local experts who can give the latest updates and answer your questions. Here’ how to take part:**Stream online:** [**http://go.uncg.edu/townhall-attendee**](https://act.myngp.com/el/ks1etYBhPjWgOwrRUM_scXmTOF7T7CrM5QcSERR7CIA=/cljtaba522j6J0YSgXPccu16QmKolanb3oJ7Ctep90w=)**OR call in by phone:** **+1-415-655-0002,** **Access code: 801-142-191**[**Facebook Event Page**](https://act.myngp.com/el/ks1etYBhPjWgOwrRUM_scXmTOF7T7CrM5QcSERR7CIA=/Ha9INaKe-hpVJ-TZe-ubJxz0oqr6B4J9ybHClL7Os6c=)You only need to join by one of these two methods, not both at the same time. If you dial in by phone, mute your phone so that we can hear all panelists and questions.The panel will consist of the Interim Director of the Guilford County Department of Public Health, the Guilford County Manager, Guilford County Director of Emergency Services, and a representative from the NC Department of Health and Human Services. We’d like to give a special “thank you” to UNCG and their staff, which have worked on very short notice to host this virtual town hall using their distance learning capabilities.Regardless of whether you are able to join in tonight, you can stay up to date on the latest developments in NC by [checking the NC Department of Health and Human Services website](https://act.myngp.com/el/ks1etYBhPjWgOwrRUM_scXmTOF7T7CrM5QcSERR7CIA=/At4dgp72Fnle1RCL6e2MpqbYZ9ysihT37EGZ-5M6fCs=) and their social media accounts. We will use emails like these to highlight significant updates in the coming weeks.Stay safe,Michael Garrett  NC Senate – District 27
Thank you for this town hall. I thought the panel gave as thorough and informed answers as they could, given how rapidly this situation is changing.  My big takeaway is that our health departments for the state and county have been tracking Covid since January! Makes me humbled and proud that we have had folks looking out for us this whole time. Be well, everyone!
I only caught the last 10 minutes. I hope they end up doing another one.

I Saw an Anti-Abortion Protester Cough and Joke About COVID-19


"High Point Market full steam ahead amidst rapidly spreading Coronavirus" IDK... anyone else feel like this is a bad idea...?

> A lot of these dealers, particularly the very largest chains, often fly to Asia on buying trips in February and March.  Then he realizes what he's said and claims, with no evidence, that none of these trips happened this year.  > I feel fortunate (High Point Pre-Market) is coming as soon as it is. As we know, and we've been watching the numbers, there is the risk this virus is going to spread to more states and that more people are going to be infected in coming weeks.  Likely infected at this very event!  > High Point Market will have a medical unit equipped to screen guests and an ambulance on standby to isolate any suspected infected people.  Which is useless, since the asymptomatic incubation period of covid 19 is two weeks. By the time locals start getting sick, all of these folks will have already flown back to their home countries.  > There are going to be extra handwashing stations. In fact some of the buildings have given exhibitors the chance to sponsor things like that  Because why make safety free when you could charge for it?  > I think this industry just depends too much on Market—not only to see new product but right now, more importantly, because of how the coronavirus has affected China and other Asian countries—to be able to have buyers and sellers get together in a room, look each other in the eye, and talk about what they can reasonably expect [on business concerns such as] the delivery of product,  That room will be in High Point, NC, bringing all of these international travelers in contact with our community at a time when infections are doubling every four days.  > There are people from either a corporate or individual perspective who won’t come. But the extent of that, at this stage of the game? Nobody knows  Smart people and responsible businesses won't come - but those of us who live here won't have any choice but to be exposed.
It's a truly terrible idea. I'm curious to see what happens with the ACC and NCAA tournaments too over the course of this month. I'm not in favor of widespread panic or anything, but it just seems like a bad idea to host huge events right now that bring in thousands of people.
There is a petition going around:  [https://www.change.org/p/governor-roy-cooper-cancel-spring-furniture-market-in-midst-of-coronavirus?source\_location=topic\_page&use\_react=false](https://www.change.org/p/governor-roy-cooper-cancel-spring-furniture-market-in-midst-of-coronavirus?source_location=topic_page&use_react=false)   I live in High Point and am due to have a baby on April 8th.  I would really like to not have to worry as much about COVID-19...
(Puts on Teflon suit)  Market is very late this year, more than a month away. If (big if) we had a strong nationwide response to the crisis we could have the virus largely contained by then. This is evident from China and s Korean experiences.  Also, it’s obvious that Hpmkt is going to be different this year. Less food. Less touching. Less people. I’ve been attending for 20+ years and never gotten even a cold. I know this is different but with safeguards it can be done.
I am a market goer and I am here hoping the market gets cancelled.  I think only local people could make this happen, complain and call the people that could cancel this. Dont let the market come to town y'all!  a bunch of old people, with complications in a closed building with no windows!  I work for a big ish vendor and we provide free food. All those people touching the same food, products, all at the same restaurant. This will wipe out the small town of HP at this rate.   Plus they are a bit dirty i work with them I see how they dont care about personal hygiene :(
 Buying all the toilet paper you can fit in your car or paying $300 for a package of masks is panic. Trying *not* to create ideal conditions for more infection is just good sense.  I really hope nobody loses their elderly relatives in North Carolina because some furniture salesmen just had to get a look at those bedknobs in person.
[https://www.theverge.com/2020/3/9/21171674/coronavirus-epidemic-canceling-events-outbreak-reduction](https://www.theverge.com/2020/3/9/21171674/coronavirus-epidemic-canceling-events-outbreak-reduction)
I am surprised market is still happening, ISPA    (International Sleep Products Association) trade show was full-on cancelled last Friday and it is was supposed to happen next week. No excuse for Market to still happen.
Wipe out the entire town, huh?
What do windows have to do with it?
Some people just seem to be in denial that COVID-19 isn't the same as the flu. I literally had someone tell me today that, "Well we're all going to get it eventually so we might as well just face it now and get it over with." (paraphrase) That makes me very concerned considering they're also probably not following best health practices.
I am pleasantly surprised that people have not stolen the toilet paper or extra toilet paper we keep in our stores bathrooms.
Again, market isn’t until mid late April. Plenty of time to contain this.  We are now under a state of emergency. The current plan (no large gatherings until after mar 31) would have cancelled market.  Let’s not panic full on yet.  That being said, I’m watching basketball at home.
I am directly affected by ispa. But I totally agree with that, the difference being it is literally happening in the middle of the ramp up of the virus. And from what I heard, attendance was going to be near zero; many of the attendees are from Asia and Europe, especially Italy. If market was next week it would be cancelled. By mid late April this should be contained.
well coming from Los Angeles it does feel small lol go high point University!   So you do agree it's a town, not a city?
Nothing I suppose but it's a very small enclosed building the IHFC. And then they turn off the AC because the elders get cold. So less air flow I guess.
Tell people what it is, how it works, and how to be safe. Problem is, that interferes with business, and someone can't have that. 90% of employees go to work even when they are sick. They do it because they don't have a choice. Many jobs don't have paid sick days. Doctor visits are both expensive and time consuming. You could lose your job if you don't come in or worse, lose your apartment/home because you are now late on bills. Apparently it's better to spread misinformation and pretend the stock market is okay.
...no one here is condoning panic. The whole point of the article is that in this kind of situation careful containment (not hosting large events, keeping large groups of people out of public transit/airports, etc.) is a fantastic way to "flatten the curve" of outbreak and reduce the burden of illness from hospitals.  So yeah, cancelling events like Market and the ACC/NCAA tournaments is exactly what we should be doing before covid-19 spreads further.  &#x200B;  Edit: Also it's worth mentioning that Roy Cooper only enacted the State of Emergency \~3 hours ago and I'm not finding any sources that claim that there's a ban on public gatherings until March 31st. Feel free to share where you found that though.
\>   90% of employees go to work even when they are sick. They do it because  they don't have a choice. Many jobs don't have paid sick days.       To paraphrase someone else. For workers to stay safe.  1. Wash your hands. 2. Don't touch your face 3. Organize a union and have sick days so one can stay home.
Yes! This is how a true leader handles it.
Not an outright ban, and of course I can’t find it on the twitters now, but it came from the gov’ners presser today. A printed sheet of recs for the state and a separate one for the triangle. They won’t ban anything this while the basketball is happening.  It’s a precarious situation. But I gotta say, the lack of triangle traffic is certainly welcome. Gso to the capital today in 65 minutes not even speeding.

NC Coronavirus Update - Latest on # of infected and outlook for more testing
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, there is some confusion and misinformation about what is happening in North Carolina.Here are the facts as of March 9, 1:30 p.m.:**Current Status: Two Cases in North Carolina**Wake County - Individual traveled from State of Washington, where they were exposed at a long-term care facility. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.Chatham County - Individual traveled to Italy and also had contact with someone who was confirmed positive in Georgia. The person is doing well and is in isolation at home.In addition, an individual in Spartanburg, SC, who has tested positive recently returned from Italy through Charlotte's airport. There are currently NO reported cases in Mecklenburg.**Current Testing Roadblocks**NC has begun testing cases at the NC State Laboratory of Public Health, which allows for faster results (24-hour turnaround time).However, NC has not received the number of kits we had hoped to receive from the CDC. Two factors are making this a more critical situation.  * First, the CDC changed their testing guidelines to increase the number of people who should be tested.  * Second, the case in Chatham County will likely result in a need for more tests.The laboratory supplies we have on-hand from the CDC are only adequate to test approximately 150 individuals. Additional supplies en route to NC, however those incoming shipments will only allow us to test an additional 500 people, far below what is needed under the new CDC guidance. In addition, a small portion of our supplies will be earmarked to perform confirmatory testing for our state’s clinical laboratory partners – per federal requirements – while they implement their own testing for COVID-19.Our NC DHHS sent a letter to Secretary Azar explaining the situation and critical need for more test kits. They have been in contact with our federal delegation and have had communication with the White House.**Testing Outlook**Our NC DHHS signed an agreement with UNC on Wednesday and Duke on Thursday so they can begin testing\*.\* UNC will be able to start testing early this week. We are still waiting on confirmation for the Duke timeline. However, the shortage of testing kits from the CDC will also hamper their ability to test the number of people we should be testing based on the new CDC guidance.In addition, LabCorps will begin testing in the next couple of weeks. They have a 3-4 day turnaround time at this point. They will be using their own test so they won't be limited by the CDC supply issues. LabCorps will eventually help some of the volume, but it will take time to ramp up. Also, that turnaround time is a challenge because the folks that LabCorps test will need to stay quarantined 3-4x longer than the ones we test (assuming they're negative - positives will have the same isolation period). **State Preparation & Constituent Resources**Last month, Governor Roy Cooper established the COVID-19 Task Force to support the state’s ongoing effort to monitor, prepare for and respond to COVID-19.He also ordered the creation of the COVID-19 Helpline toll free at 1-866-462-3821. To ask questions online NC citizens should visit [www.ncpoisoncontrol.org](http://www.ncpoisoncontrol.org/) and select “chat.”**Requests for the Public**If and when community transmission accelerates, then slowing the rate of infection will be key to making sure our hospitals are not overwhelmed. Follow these recommendations not just to protect yourself and your family, but to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure that our hospitals don't get hit all at once:* Wash your hands several times a day with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available.* Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing.* Avoid exposure to others who are sick.* Stay home when you are ill.I will keep you posted as we learn more.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for this rather plainly laid out summary of the COVID-19 status in NC. As an employee in the medical testing industry (urine analyst for a pain clinic) I've been rather intrigued with keeping up to date with what's going on, especially when a majority of our patients are elderly. This reads just like a bulletin I'd receive for OSHA training /warnings and I appreciate the lack of 'buzzwords' so to speak.
Thanks for keeping folks informed 👍🏻
Pretty sure we are all fucked now anyway, since people from around the country are coming to the ACC Tournament.   I’m just bracing for it
Nice, a Senator out for the public good! Keep it up Jeff.
Thanks Senator. Now get back in the chambers before the GOP try to gerrymander something.
Jeff, do you have any info about the three Marines at Camp Lejeune who are under self-quarantine after coming back from Italy? There was a local story about it but I couldn’t find much else.
.  r/coronanc
Thanks JJ!
Yes, I completely agree. Thank you OP for the "facts" and nothing but. It's refreshing.
Saw my neurologist yesterday and he said it's not if we get it, it's WHEN

Coronavirus - why you should take this seriously starting right now
Some people are asking what's the big deal over coronavirus in NC when there are "only" seven confirmed cases.Three reasons:1. There are almost certainly more than seven actual cases. The truth is we are under-testing due to a national shortage of test kits (more on this later).2. Nationally, the number of infected people appears to be doubling roughly every week. That means we have exponential growth, which is difficult to conceptualize but basically means it starts off slow but then rapidly grows. It means we could go from 100 cases to 1,600,000 in roughly 14 weeks - absent successful containment.3. We don't have a vaccine (it's at least a year away) and - since we've never been exposed to this virus before - no one has any immunity built up.We should know relatively soon whether this will be contained. If it isn't, then the focus is going to be on slowing the rate of infection so our hospitals don't become overwhelmed. We do not want a situation like they have in northern Italy where this got completely out of hand in a matter of weeks and clogged all the hospitals.So we're washing our hands very often and refraining from handshakes and being otherwise sensible not just to keep ourselves healthy, but also to help slow the overall rate of infection to make sure hospitals can treat everyone who needs it.Part of my job is making sure you have reliable information as this situation develops, so when I learn new things from DHHS I will update you.Talk soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for these updates, they feel like the only place i can find unadulterated and unbiased information on the issue (at least on the media outlets that i frequent). And for being one of the only politicians I feel like I can really trust. Keep up the great work. It is appreciated.
South Korea has probably achieved containment, and they’ve done it by testing 15k people per day and aggressive contact analysis of anyone who tests positive.  Given our country’s massive testing kit shortage, it’s highly likely we won’t be able to mirror this outcome and instead many regions will look more like Northern Italy.  Senator Jackson is correct that our focus will need to be on slowing the spread to reduce hospital overload.  If we can have some success in that regard, it will save tens of thousands of lives, both of the infected and others who need hospital services for other reasons.  This thing is going to get a whole lot worse before it gets better.
if the focus is to slow it down why is the Furniture Market still happening?   https://hpenews.com/news/14614/despite-nc-state-of-emergency-furniture-market-to-go-as-planned/  where minimum 50K people around the world will show up and be placed in a single building & city?
Thanks for posting, the communication is definitely appreciated.
I would expect we will see several cases next week after the ACC Tournament. Apx 6 day incubation  period on average...
Someone should tell that to High Point. Still can’t believe they’re going ahead with the furniture market.
This should have been taken seriously a long time ago, and it’s likely that we have missed the window for its containment.  How could it be contained when we are not identifying those infected due to lack of testing and therefore not adequately counseling them to decrease the spread? The first confirmed case of the Coronavirus in the US was identified in JANUARY. We have observed the impact that this disease has had on numerous other countries, and yet, two months later, we have only tested a few thousand patients? Burying our heads in the sand and artificially keeping “numbers low” will not change the effects of this disease on the people in this country and will not prevent potentially overwhelming the healthcare system.  Please explain the differences between our public health system’s response to this pandemic compared to other countries, specifically the lack of testing.  As of now, I consider our government’s response to be a huge failure.
Most of the older folk in my family are long time smokers with lung problems. I am seriously worried they all are going to die.
No matter how serious I take it, working in the service industry, I will never be totally away from it
Take this for what its worth, Im pulling all this from Michael Osterholm's talk with Joe Rogan posted yesterday. I am by no means an expert and I recommend you [watch for yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3URhJx0NSw&lc=UgzeqDq5QlP7Hu7avCF4AaABAg) and make your own assessment, from more than one source, I dont take this as the 100% accurate prediction of what is to come. However I was very impressed with his straight forward attitude, lack of sensationalism and his his over all message of this will not be a cakewalk, but we will recover from this, these are the points I took away.   * This WILL impact us all. * Your chance of getting it is high. * Chance of death is Low * Be healthy in the first place * Get lots of sleep * Avoid crowds * Have good hand/face/breathing hygiene  Estimated impact to the US (at time of recording I assume)  * 96 Million cases. * 48 Million hospitalizations. * 484 Thousand Deaths.  I took the liberty and applied those numbers to the US population  * Cases 1 per 3.44 persons * Hospitalizations 1 per 6.89 * Deaths 1 per 683.88   These numbers are forecasted across the entire US population, that is to say if you know 683 healthy 20-30 year olds you may not loose one, however if your social circle is 683 seniors or people with underlying health issues your mileage may vary.   I am open to corrections.
I love your posts!  You keep us informed and that is so refreshing.
Is there any chance of making it a crime to hoard supplies like TP, paper towels, hand sanitizer, rubbing alcohol, masks, etc and reselling them for exorbitant prices?  So many immunocompromised people are unable to get supplies they need for their health regardless of the virus. Those who resell for ridiculous profits are definitely assholes, but will we be able to punish them legally?
Gosh I thought that anyone who wanted a test was getting a test and they were beautiful.
Social distancing doesn’t require absenteeism. The furniture market will add a complication, but it just means being more conscious of your behavior in close proximity. Also, it doesn’t any escalated probability of contagion to people outside of the market facilities ... unless you’re not practicing safe behaviors yourself.   The Furniture Market is decided locally, and the local economy depends on it. Rewards outweigh the risks- at the moment. If we took your assumption to it’s extreme, we all ought to just stay at home until all this passes.
Considering our last NC 5 cases came from folks attending a conference a couple weeks ago - it will be interesting to see this unfold.
The ACC tournament is definitely what is going to make sure we are no longer in the clear in this area.  You’re telling me that in that crowd, there isn’t a single person who has it?  The odds of that are very slim.    All it takes is one.
that's what happens when furniture market makes up about 99.999% of your local economy
Fortunately it’s over a month away...if things continue to progress as they have, I see no way the public will allow them to go on with the show.    The backlash is going to be massive.
When the guy placed in charge at the very top believes the earth is 6000 years old and prayer actually affects reality, I’m not expecting much.
Help them stock up on essentials and food as well as help them understand that their risk is lower if they stay home and use caution if they go out.  This is one of those times where we have to step up ourselves and assist those who are most vulnerable, while also being careful not to be exposed ourselves.  Have a plan that they can understand and follow if they start to exhibit the symptoms - for instance, do they have a regular family physician, where would they go if they developed severe symptoms, etc.  You are a good person to be concerned about them.
All of us who work in food service, retail, etc are going to be a great way for the virus to spread. My husband is considered at risk and I’m washing my hands constantly, but if we both have to keep working I’m not sure what we’re supposed to do. We’re going to be staying home unless it’s absolutely necessary. We need to be able to get paid for time off. Too many people aren’t taking this seriously.
“Get lots of sleep.”  Fuck. I’m doomed.
>484 Thousand Deaths  Fuck its terrifying when its said like that.
I love you both
[§ 75-38.  Prohibit excessive pricing during states of disaster, states of emergency, or abnormal market disruptions](https://www.ncleg.gov/EnactedLegislation/Statutes/HTML/BySection/Chapter_75/GS_75-38.html)  If you are aware of someone price gouging contact the Attorney General's office.
We've got the most beautiful tests.
If they can make the decision to cancel having fans at the NCAA tournament, they can cancel the Furniture Market. Rewards do not outweigh the risks.
The furniture market is an absolute COVID-19 cesspool waiting to happen. The local economy will be just fine if it is postponed. It’s idiotic that is hasn’t been canceled or postponed until later in the year.  And.. are you aware that people all over Europe and the rest of the world travel to NC for this event? And no, these people are not confined to the showrooms, they go out to eat in large groups every single night and every single decent restaurant in the area is cram packed.
Fuck your rewards. They need to cancel it. Dead people don’t get to enjoy rewards.
If you have the capability to stay home until it passes, you definitely should. That’s a bridge too far for a lot of people, but I certainly wouldn’t be going to furniture market.
And a happy cake day to you!
Oh yay! I haven’t personally seen anything but I’ve heard things from other people. I didn’t know if it was illegal or just frowned upon. Thank you!
This is the way to keep supplies from running out. It’s a terrible law. It just causes shortages. Let’s keep our emotions out of economics.
I’d love if they canceled furniture market. Lol I hate all those people everywhere.
The furniture market could cause the end of the human race.
I love how people that don’t have their own finances in order enough to just stay at home and ‘wait it out’ are suddenly macro economists and can dictate local / state / federal economic impacts. I mean, unless I’m mistaken and you’ve got a mountain of toilet paper rolls and don’t intend to leave your house for the next four months?
High Point would barely exist without it.
Shitty take, bro. But I guess all the downvotes you got have told you that already.   Sorry your catering business or paid $100 per spot parking lot racket you were hoping would carry you financially until the Fall market might be going up in smoke.
I guess you haven’t paid any attention to the global economic impact of the conorovirus? There’s way more at stake than our local economy dude. It’ll bounce back, but in the meantime, maybe we should try to mitigate the damn pandemic that’s killing old and sick people, ya know?
I think the downtown area would become much better. So many buildings take up space but they’re worthless for 10 months out of the year.   But you’re definitely correct overall.
I’ve got zero personal stake in it. My employers office is in High Point, so I’m there quite often. I’m worried about the smaller retailers in the area; the diners and such that rely not just on the Market to happen, but normal patronage as well that is diminished because of stupid hysteria. High Point doesn’t have the industrial parks, institutions or manufacturing to the scale that WS or GSO does, so a two time a year market is what the local economy depends on. That or cater to the school.   Wash your fucking hands; stay at home if you’re sick; generally act like an adult and stop pretending this is the bubonic plague and trying to hurt yourself, and others, with your hysteria.   And by ‘you’ I mean the general ‘them’, not u/handorando specifically.
Fuck the small businesses. Fuck the small retailers. Peoples lives matter more than all that bullshit. You have grossly failed in this collective test of our humanity.
What are you not understanding? Are you incapable of acting like an adult? Are you xenophobic that “they” are harbingers of disease and you are not?  Since it’s ‘fuck everyone else’s livelihood, I presume you’re ass has been in your house with no contact with anyone for the last few days, weeks, months? Or are you still going to work? Grocery store? Eating out? Visiting people? Because if you’re interacting with, a modest, 20 people a day, and they are interacting with 20, and they are interacting with 20 ... in that short cycle you’re exposed to 8,000 people yourself. The flu this season has been 3x deadlier than Coronavirus.   Sure we don’t want something new to take hold, but with a little caution, and people acting like they have some sense, it doesn’t have to ... nor does it have to wreck micro or macro economies.   So get your collective asses off your heads and act like big boys and girls.   Downvote away, Children.

"Where are the tests?" - Coronavirus update from Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/v09lj22atmm41.png?width=1200&format=png&auto=webp&s=db0b0fb646f68fe0c33800b99fb138887b553aa7As of March 14 at 8:00 a.m., the state of North Carolina has a total of 680 public (i.e., non-commercial) coronavirus test kits.So the big question is, “Why don’t we have more tests?”Here’s the situation:First, there’s a difference between “test kits” and “extraction kits.”Extraction kits = extract RNA (genetic material) from nasal swabs.Test kits = test RNA to see if it’s coronavirus.We started with a national shortage of test kits. That happened because the CDC - after rejecting the WHO kits and deciding to make their own - had a manufacturing error that allowed their test kit to produce false positives. So they had to start over several weeks in.To make matters worse, while the CDC was fixing their manufacturing error there were many other labs across the country (academic and commercial labs) that wanted to produce their own test kits. But they needed federal approval to move forward, and getting that approval took a couple weeks - a serious amount of time, given the prospect of exponential viral spread.It appears we are now seeing the production of test kits ramp up from both the CDC and commercial labs like LabCorp (which happens to be headquartered here in North Carolina).BUT that leads us to our second problem, and the current major bottleneck: extraction kits.Before you can test the RNA sample from the nasal swab, you have to extract it. Doing so requires a specific chemical. The majority of this specific chemical (called a reagent) is produced by one company with production facilities in Germany and Spain.And now that specific chemical is in very high demand. The whole world wants it.A few weeks ago, the FDA started allowing independent labs to develop alternate chemical processes for RNA extraction. It’s unclear how much progress has been made.So, looking now at the big picture, we basically have a two-track testing system: public testing, which involves our main state lab in NC using the re-manufactured CDC test kits (and in NC, we currently have 680 test kits) and then there’s commercial testing.Regarding commercial testing, we really don’t know how much is happening. The commercial labs aren’t required to disclose test results unless they’re positive. In North Carolina, we have LabCorp conducting commercial tests. In Charlotte, we also have our two major hospital systems - Atrium and Novant - now saying that they are going to provide “screening.” It’s unclear whether they are simply collecting swabs and sending them to LabCorp (where they may face the same extraction kit bottleneck) or whether they’ve developed in-house capacity to actually produce their own test results.But it’s important to note that BOTH public and commercial testing appear to be hitting a bottleneck when it comes to extraction.As a result, we are not screening nearly enough people.Ideally, anyone who displays flu-like symptoms would be eligible for a public test, free of charge. That’s how we would address this like South Korea and provide for wide-scale testing on the order of tens of thousands per day.But - due to the shortage - that’s not the case. Instead, the CDC guidelines (which NC is currently following) currently state that you have to 1) display flu-like symptoms AND have had direct contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case OR, 2) you have to display flu-like symptoms AND lower respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath) AND a negative rapid flu test.A simpler way to say that is we are currently rationing public tests because we don’t have enough capacity.Congress is now providing more funding specifically for these issues and commercial labs are reportedly innovating rapidly, but this is essentially a race against time and increasing our testing capacity within the next ten days is absolutely critical. It’s also possible that the window of opportunity for containment - at least in some regions - is now closed and we’re going to have to rely heavily on social distancing to slow the rate of infection.You should also know that in the process of piecing this together I had many, many conversations with state and local health officials and every single one of them was on the same page, knew exactly what the bottlenecks were, and were working the problem. These folks get it, and they’re working around the clock for us.More updates soon.\- Sen. Jeff Jackson
*That happened because the CDC - after rejecting the WHO kits and deciding to make their own - had a manufacturing error that allowed their test kit to produce false positives. So they had to start over several weeks in.*  *To make matters worse, while the CDC was fixing their manufacturing error there were many other labs across the country (academic and commercial labs) that wanted to produce their own test kits. But they needed federal approval to move forward, and getting that approval took a couple weeks - a serious amount of time, given the prospect of exponential viral spread.*  Can someone tell me why this administration rejected the original tests and who did they turn to instead and why them?
This is what leadership looks like. Thank you Senator Jackson.
We really appreciate the information and explanation. Thank you for keeping us in the loop!
Did all the 58 nba players that took the test have symptoms? We know they were in contact with covid but did they have symptoms? According to the above 2 conditions, they didn't meet it if they didn't have symptoms.
This is the most concise update I have seen in regards to testing issues. I just followed this guy to to stay up to date.
Why did we reject the WHO kits? Who is responsible for this?  What is the sensitivity and specificity across the most commonly used testing platforms? WHO v CDC, for example?  Why was our response so slow?  How was South Korea able to so quickly ramp up testing compared to the US, even taking into account the error with the first batch of CDC kits?   Thank you for the info. I am still greatly under the impression that the US has made multiple fumbles in their handling of this.   I do not understand why we have had a reactive response instead of a proactive response and are thus behind in our management of this problem, causing unnecessary endangerment of citizens’ lives and livelihood.
So if I get sick and have all the symptoms of COVID-19, what's the point of getting tested? Aside from giving the people studying this thing more data to work with, if there's no treatment then what's the reason for the official diagnosis? My husband and I aren't leaving the house for the next two weeks whether we're sick or not. I feel like using one of the precious test kits would be a waste.
Can you please ask Gov Cooper to close our schools? It is beyond understanding why we don’t want groups of more than 100 together - but would allow kids to cram together (my son’s middle school building has nearly 200 kids more than it’s built for - lunch alone has 300 kids @ a time)  Please. Our local school leaders seem unwilling or unable to make this call right now. We need leadership from a different level.
Is there going to be some kind of statement made from the state level giving school systems guidance on closure (like we saw in VA)?   Guilford County’s current plan to only close when several confirmed cases are in multiple schools is concerning, especially knowing there is a shortage of test kits.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Jackson.  I have learned more about the current local situation through your posts on this subreddit than any other method.
Jeff Jackson is the man
Thank you for the information Sen Jackson.
Thank you, Senator Jackson, for this informative update.  Also, as a South Carolina resident (and voter), I wouldn't mind if you told Senators Graham and Scott that you received a pleasant thanks from a constituent of theirs today, since at least at the moment, you seem to be doing their jobs for them.
Apparently that's what we've done in that past, with SARS and other outbreaks. The WHO comes out with a test and we say, "Nah, we'll do our own thing." It's worked fine in the past. This time, the CDC allowed a critical reagent chemical to become contaminated.
To prove to the deniers all around us that it is real, and it is here?
If the HR 6201 bill passes the Senate, I believe it would require a positive test or confirmation from a physician/public health official in order to be eligible for the new 14 day sick pay. Not sure though.  But I guess that would be one reason to get tested. Besides helping health officials contain the virus or set up quarantine zones.
[https://twitter.com/ncdhhs/status/1238926017382604800?ref\_src=twsrc\^tfw](https://twitter.com/ncdhhs/status/1238926017382604800?ref_src=twsrc^tfw)  Gov. Cooper just announced a 2 week closure of schools, looks like statewide
Does the CDC decide this on their own or did it need approval through the oval office first?
If people are still stupid enough to deny the seriousness of the situation at this point, then I feel no responsibility to, nor hope that I could, educate them.
That makes sense. I'm very lucky that I can work remotely and I have plenty of sick leave, but I'm glad there are some provisions being made for those who aren't so lucky.

Helpful Links for the Coronavirus
I found some helpful links to stay updated, I thought I'd share them.NC Infection map: [https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/685d0ace521648f8a5beeeee1b9125cd](https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/685d0ace521648f8a5beeeee1b9125cd)World Map: [https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/6qBRk/19/](https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/6qBRk/19/)

Raleigh Target worker tested positive for Coronavirus

At the Brier Creek Target for those who don't want to click through
Here’s the link to the original article.   [article](https://myfox8.com/news/raleigh-target-store-worker-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/)

NC coronavirus coordination Slack channel

Do we have to call you Commander?
Real names required?

Coronavirus


3/16 - Latest on the expansion of testing for coronavirus in NC - Sen. Jeff Jackson
 https://preview.redd.it/tv2fhhpey3n41.jpg?width=940&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=272d09e11e30e9bde4bc446b7258aaee5642e84d**NC coronavirus numbers as of March 16*** 38 known cases (and 33 cases in SC)* No confirmed community spread (but nobody thinks it doesn’t exist)* One hospitalization* 369 people have been tested by the state (unknown number tested by non-state labs)* State currently has capacity for 1,300 more tests (unknown non-state capacity, but reportedly much higher)**Here’s the latest on the coronavirus testing situation in NC**There are two ways to get a test:1. A doctor decides you should have one and orders it from a commercial lab like LabCorp or from a hospital (UNC/Atrium/Novant) that has in-house testing capacity. These are "non-state" tests.2. Fever of at least 100.4 + negative flu result + *cough or shortness of breath* = you quality for a state lab test BUT a doctor still has to contact the county health department and get their permission AND we’re hearing about many cases where that permission is not being given due to scarce supply of state test kits.The immediate goal is expand testing capacity to the point where **EVERYONE who has fever + negative flu test + cough** can get tested.To see why that’s not currently happening, it helps to understand how the CDC supply chain works:* CDC sends test kits to the state* State distributes to counties* Counties release on a case-by-case basis as doctors call in**BUT*** CDC initially prioritized shipments to states that are getting slammed by coronavirus like WA and CA and NY, with states like NC only getting a small sliver.* Some counties are (reportedly) reluctant to release any test kits unless the patient has had direct contact with a COVID case - even if they meet the criteria of fever + negative flu test + cough. They are holding back for cases in which there has been direct contact with a COVID case out of a concern of lack of available tests and the need to prioritize. Some of this may have also been caused by confusion about the eligibility criteria, but fortunately the state COVID hotline - which had been overwhelmed - got extra capacity added today.But there's no question that some people who need to be tested have been turned away. Fixing that is the immediate priority.**To be clear: We need to very quickly get to a point where everyone with fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.**So what are we doing to expand capacity?* Getting more test kits from the CDC* Partnering with LabCorp and other private vendors (so we’re not as dependent on the CDC for test kits)* Partnering with UNC Health Care, which just got federal approval to start testing today and is already setting up its first drive-thru testing center in Henderson County* Several non-state health care providers are expanding their own testing abilities, like Novant, Atrium, Tryon Medical Partners (which just found one of our state's 38 cases), and a clinic in Asheville. (If you know of more, please let me know! Tomorrow I'll publish a comprehensive list.)**Bottom-line:**It's hard to get a state lab test because they are being strictly rationed but the immediate goal is to have enough testing capacity to make sure that everyone who has a fever + negative flu test + cough can get tested.More soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for posting all this and giving us updates often! :)
Shopping tip: Sprouts is very well-stocked and still has plenty of bottled water. Nothing is picked over. I went there for groceries on Saturday and there were only two people in line. They’re like a much cheaper version of Whole Foods, located near the Gamestop on Battleground.   Please stay home if your don’t need to go out!
Thank you for the update. I wish living with someone who has health complications would mean being able to get a test. I can quarantine myself, but waiting for if/when my husband shows symptoms is my greatest concern.
I find it disturbing that countries like S. Korea can test 20,000 people per day and the United States can test 20 per week.   Hey, at least we have some pretty cool Apache helicopters down at Ft. Bragg.
Remember the sole reason this didn't come online fast enough was because of the incompetency of the Trump administration. Every epidemiologist knew this was coming our way in Jan. Nother country has failed this badly   This country needs proper management. This can never happen again.
So for the private company testing, do we get the number of positive cases from those? Why don’t we know how many they have administered?
I’m curious as to whether being a healthcare provider will push you up the priority list to be tested, if needed??  Most EMT’s paramedics, nurses, techs, doctors and first responders aren’t in the high risk age groups for being tested but would have repeated interactions with high risk patients....
Senator Jackson, you’re the man.
Unfortunately I fell into number 2 today.
Thank you very much for keeping us informed.
Look, I got money to spend in here.
Thank you!
Wait, what's Coronavirus?
Thanks for the update! We appreciate it. :D
Thanks for the update! We appreciate it. :D
source? Because from what I have read the issue was due to over regulation and government inefficiency that existed before the current administration.  Now that those hurdles have been bypassed thankfully the private sector will come to the rescue.  [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-17/coronavirus-testing-shortage-u-s-called-private-sector-too-late](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-17/coronavirus-testing-shortage-u-s-called-private-sector-too-late)
We do get the positive numbers.
Hope you feel better soon.
They rejected a test that was provided by WHO (by their own admission) and I can assure you the Trump administration has no problem with ignoring regulation.  Yes, indeed private sector to the rescue..meanwhile the Koreans, Chinese and Europeans are running 1000s of test a day. The fucking Irish government, who can't get their people out of the bars, have ran more tests in a day then we've ran for all of NC in the last month (context we've twice the population in NC and LabCorp just down the road).  Here's a question in return: do you know how much training or time it takes to run a Polymerase Chain Reaction test? How many students in GCS have been trained successfully do these tests? Are there automated robots to run the samples in bulk? What's the cost associated?  Look I know it's hard to wake up from this nightmare but we're here. This is the movie where things go to shit because the people in charge didn't listen to the scientists until way after the damage was done. Can we start listening to the actual experts in this country? We have some of the smartest minds in the world here.
Thanks for the reply.  When you say “they” rejected the test who are you talking about? It seems like you are implying it was Trump himself but from everything I have read including the source I provided it was the cdc and fda who this administration believed (until recently) could get it done with what they had and their process. They were obviously wrong but have made moves to correct.   You seem very smart but either uninformed or biased. A source would help me understand your point of view because it comes off as an unfounded conspiracy  In fact here is another of many sources that talk about what happened in depth   https://www.google.com/amp/s/thehill.com/policy/healthcare/488076-trump-health-officials-deny-us-rejected-who-diagnostic-test%3famp
Did you watch the press briefing today? Deborah Birx, the woman coordinating his task force, said the administration rejected the test on the basis it was inaccurate - blabbering about a 50% false positive rate (the idea of which is so ridiculous it's hard to fathom, it's from the WHO - to even suggest that warrants a thorough investigation of the task force). This was later contradicted by Bret Giroir who said the test wasn't passed to the FDA for approval (Why that's not what Trump's task force coordinator is saying? Also why are these people not on the same page?)  I'm baffled that anybody able to string a sentence together is still denying this. The science behind these tests is not that complicated. We've known this was coming since Jan. Yet we're caught flat footed. Meanwhile our leader was calling the virus a (verbatim) a hoax up until a week or two ago. There was even noise from within his own administration that there was an effort to keep testing low so as to not negatively impact public opinion of Trump. Now I don't know if that specific 'noise' is a true signal but when you see the abject fuckery going on, you have to wonder. There's no conspiracy theory and no magic behind the test. It's simple enough but you need to be ready and willing to run it. Scientifically, logistically there is 0 excuse for us not having this test ready..and it's got 0 to do with public sector red tape. If it had all these other countries with much bigger, beauracratic public sector involvement wouldn't be pushing these tests out by the thousands while we're sitting around with the output capacity of a regional province of one of the smaller European countries.  I've no issue with you calling me biased. I could care less. My bias is towards science and having the fucking tests ready to go. I'm educated and actually understand both the science and logistics of this stuff and im paying attention - not to CNN or fucking Fox News but what is actually happening.

First case of coronavirus hits Greensboro


For all the dumbasses who want to drink bleach to “prevent coronavirus”

Is bleach safe to drink if you dilute it? No, burns the throat.
Tried this. Got kidney stones instead.
Do you not want those of us near the edges of the water system to have clean water?  They only do this every few years and then switch back to other chlorine based compounds soon enough.
I prefer the newer method of dealing with the water supply for sure, but every now and then the system needs some chlorine.  It will pass soon enough and the interconnected water supplies across the Triad will be better for it. And then in a few years we will do it again.
I thought that is what you were going for but I replied as though that was not the case.

February 27th - Senator Burr warned a small well-connected group to prepare for dire economic and societal effects of the coronavirus

This clown needs to resign today.  I'm calling his office and ranting tomorrow.
Well how are you going to short stocks if you don't get some insider info well ahead of the rest of the world? What do you think the handlers pay their republican tools for? Damn sure isn't to govern for the betterment of their constituency. Burr and Tillis are proof of that.
Business as usual.   Do you think these people are beholden to you? Fuck no.  Wake up kids. And it is not a Republican versus Democrat thing either.   Their ride is coming to an end.
Alternative headline:   > February 27th - Senator Burr stated the obvious that anyone with more than two brain cells to rub together knows
# [The info was publicly available three weeks ago, kids.](https://twitter.com/sistertoldjah/status/1240640984494604288)
I doubt he will. The SEC will have to prove Burr acted solely on information only he and a few others had access too.   What people are conveniently ignoring is that pretty much every financial expert has been screaming from the rooftops since January is that the cliff was approaching. WSB was makeing corona bear market memes weeks before this guy sold.   I liquidated my 401k  the same day Burr made his sales. People are right to be upset about the general handleing of this shitshow but the dudes not stupid he I doubt he would have made the moves he did if he couldn't cover his ass.
And he went before the public and told a different story  How long have you had worms in your brain?
From the article:   >The remarks from U.S. Sen. Richard Burr were more stark than any he had delivered in more public forums.   >   >On  Feb. 27, when the United States had 15 confirmed cases of COVID-19,  President Trump was tamping down fears and suggesting that the virus  could be seasonal.   >   >But in his public comments about the threat of COVID-19, Burr never  offered the kind of precise warning that he delivered to the small group  of his constituents.     >   >But despite his longtime interest in biohazard threats, his expertise on  the subject, and his role as chairman of the Senate Intelligence  Committee, Burr did not warn the public of the government actions he  thought might become necessary, as he did at the luncheon on Feb. 27.   Put more plainly, while his comrades were still dissembling about the seriousness of the threat—aided by Fox News mouthpieces—he was warning moneyed pals to brace themselves and protect their interests, [like he was doing.](https://www.propublica.org/article/senator-dumped-up-to-1-6-million-of-stock-after-reassuring-public-about-coronavirus-preparedness)  Crime of the century? No. Conduct unbecoming? Absolutely.
Then, I'm guilty, too. I liquidated *almost* seven figures, and am currently buying back in to my previous positions. Crime of the century? Hardly. Something only an ***imbecile*** didn't see coming? Absolutely.
Context is important. Are you an elected "public servant" with a responsibility to constituents who nevertheless kept his mouth shut except for a room full of wealthy donors and potential donors? If so, don't waste postage sending mailers to my neighborhood this election season.  If he doesn't want to behave in the best interests of his constituents, he can take his stock tips and retire.
Oh, one of Greensboro's millionaires hanging out here on Reddit parroting the right wing line. I believe everything you say.
Let's not fight. You being serious? What, you didn't liquidate your entire portfolio when you saw this black swan approaching? That's pretty stunning, dude. And that you think that's unethical, that's, just, wow.
I'm Canadian, numbnuts. Love Raleigh, NC, tho!
I don't have a problem being serious. If you can't see how the responsibility of being senior leadership in the nation's capitol is different from your personal adventures in day-trading, that's just wow.

GOP Senator Kept Coronavirus Info Secret for Weeks, But Shared It With Wealthy Donors

This is business as usual. It's been going on for decades.  You are, quite literally,  expendable in the eyes of the rich. You are nothing more than a resource of which many more stand behind you waiting to take your place.
Disappointed but not surprised...
I was just reading this too. It's a shame we, more people than there should be, will probably forget this in the not too distant future.
That wasn't all.  Senator Dumped Up to $1.6 Million of Stock After Reassuring Public About Coronavirus Preparedness  [https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/flhvvy/senator\_dumped\_up\_to\_16\_million\_of\_stock\_after/](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/flhvvy/senator_dumped_up_to_16_million_of_stock_after/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)
Put him in jail.
I wonder where his home is, maybe we can go protest...

A ray of sunshine from Italy in re coronavirus
I've been cancelling reservations for a trip to Italy that my wife and I planned to take in April. Italy has just come the nation with the highest number of deaths from the virus, surpassing China. When I cancelled our place to stay in Florence, I received this message back:"first of all hope this mail finds you well as it's the most important  thing now. Here everything is fine. We are all isolated at home but it's  sunny and we are italian. Strong and will be out in few weeks ..."At your complete disposal for any clarification, I hope that you, like all of us, can overcome this momentary national crisis with a smile"At the end she wrote, "Tutti sulla stessa barca" -- All in the same boat.I hope we can all bear up as well.
Love this. Thank you.
That's really beautiful ❤️

Anyone on here have to change their wedding plans because of coronavirus?
Wondering if folks have had to switch to elopements for their 2020 weddings because of coronavirus.
I’m a wedding DJ, we have had to reschedule or cancel over 65 local weddings in the past two weeks.  Edit: before you choose a rescheduling date, contact ANY AND ALL vendors who you have signed a contract with to make sure they are available. The importance of preemptive communication cannot be understated. Good luck and congratulations to everyone, and stay safe.
Hi! I’m still in the process of planning my wedding, but my intended date has definitely been pushed back. However, there’s lots of discussion about postponing and elopements on r/weddings and r/weddingplanning
not yet. We are scheduled for October at the Castle/Crystal Gardens. hoping this will be over by then
Wonderful venue choice, and congratulations!

Greensboro couple allowed by CDC to fly to North Carolina days after testing positive for coronavirus

Atlanta to Charlotte? They couldn’t have driven a car?  if they couldn’t drive maybe their daughter or someone else could have picked them up?
Maybe there is some decent explanation? Maybe they are long past the time of being contagious and experts expected that? If so please let's include that in stories like this.   Or is it suspect to fly at that stage in recovery?   They took a public passenger jet. They wore masks.  I'm curious what are the accepted government numbers for this...is "7 days out" no longer contagious?
Wow thanks, CDC...
My friend who’s a nurse is allowed to return to work after being 48 hours without a fever.
America is a death cult. There's your explanation.
If you read the article, they were actually reluctant to fly home. The new “policy” said if they were asymptomatic for 3 days, then they were sent home from the makeshift quarantine “hotel” they were at. Even their own daughter was surprised they were being sent home.
In elementary schools we usually tell them 24 hours fever free. But I don't know how that works for covid-19 since you go in and out of fever apparently....any normal illness that would probably be fine, but no one knows this well enough.
I think the real answer is probably somewhere in between two extremes :)
No I think he is spot on.

Wash your hands! First case of corona virus found in NC!

I mean, wash your hands anyway, sicko.
- no vaccine  - President Pinocchio jacking the message  - Prayin Pence put in charge of response  - everywhere you look, people vigorously downplaying it, because : *Facebook*  - too many unknowns, lack of data  - not enough tests to gather adequate data  - the problematic comparison to other strains of flu: this novel coronavirus, this is the *new guy*. OF COURSE IT HASN'T KILLED AS MANY PEOPLE AS THE FLU. YET. This *new guy* scares the shit out of scientists. Scientists are smarter than I am.
You know, I actually need Lysol because I am almost out, but now I don't want to buy it even if it is available because I am worried that people would think that I am buying it because I am panicking over the virus, but really, I only have about a quarter left in my current bottle.
I bet I have Covid19 right now, as I have been blowing chunks of flesh out of my face for the last few days. I haven't ever had to deal with a flu this bad. I am betting there are already tons of people with it in the US, and they just haven't been testing for it.
According to the CDC, there have been 250,000 people hospitalized due to the flu this season and 16,000 have died. COVID 19 is not worth the hype.
On a similar note, what is the deal with people clearing the water stock in stores? Do they expect the water supply to shut off? Its not like a winter storm where your pipes can freeze. I mean, I understand buying canned foods if you are worried about leaving your house for a while, but why water?
Much like those stupid people in those FB comments!
i'm also concerned about the effects on emergency personnel...  What will the PD or courts do if personnel can't show up to work?  Or what if you favorite bar doesnt have enough bar tenders?
r/CoronaNC
Wash your hands. Don’t panic. It really shouldn’t get bad in the US, especially since we’re already being proactive about it. Last I saw, there were only 106 infections in the US and only 6 of those have died. I listened to an entire podcast about it by disease ecologists and several smart scientists. It really wasn’t scaring the shit out of them. Old people, really young people, and immunocompromised people will be most susceptible, just like with the flu. It will die down eventually, just like SARS (a different coronavirus) did.
Order some on Amazon! It's where I get all of my things that I don't want to be judged for!  Then again, I'm also a full grown bearded man with a surprising affinity for Hello Kitty. Did you know they make soda? That shit is literally the best carbonated drink out there...
Be not ashamed. Thy Lysol need is true.  Just make sure you're smiling when you pay the man.
Do you have a doctor?  You need to inform your doctor about your concerns - they can test for other forms of flu to rule it out.
What makes it scary isn't the infection rate or the death toll, it's that we know next to nothing about it, or how to treat it. It's not something to just brush off.
Weird all the down votes you got.. I've been through six or seven of these things. The swine flu scare in 76 ended up killing my grandfather with a rushed botched vaccine.  People like to be scared, just like a horror flick.
Same reason everyone buys bread and milk when it snows. They have no idea what they're doing.
>Or what if you favorite bar doesnt have enough bar tenders?  Just leave the doors unlocked. We can self-serve.
Nine have died.
I'm not panicking. I'm just pointing out some things. Scientists and doctors are the ones who brought global awareness to this.
A) I work from home. B) I work the same time the doctor is open. C) My wife took the kid there today, so maybe they'll test her.
It's been here since January and the infection rates are much higher. They don't have the large scale testing ability yet.
He's being downvoted because he's wrong.
THIS.  Hurricane season comes around and a lot of NC'ers are all "WE'RE RIDING IT OUT"  chance of snow up to 1 inch forecasted? it's the f'ing apocalypse.
By god, at least they'll have their lifetime supply of toilet paper come the apocalypse. \*facepalm\*
\~100/day of car wrecks and \~40/day from flu.  Even if we say those 9 all happened in one day and it continues at that pace every single day it's a really bad thing, but in the larger perspective it doesn't add up.  Let's absolutely be cautious as heck with this thing since it's a new threat, after all our corona virus deaths/day used to be 0. Looking at the #'s rationally though, and if we're being consistent about safety, there are other things in life that should have our attention just as much as this does, probably more...  Edit: stat typo
Bringing global awareness to an infectious disease that is a public health risk if not addressed doesn’t mean they’re scared of it. There’s no need for the hysteria that’s running amok.
Take care.  Even the regular flu is bad.
Every time I see something like that, I glance at the post history. Every time I’m not surprised by the content.    The true virus of this country is on the mental side.
Maybe you're a little scared. You're putting some energy into this.
He's straight up lying, Corona's infected loads more people than SARS did and is many times more lethal than the flu.  Of course more people have died of the flu because more people have gotten the flu.  .05% lethality of the flu vs 2% lethality for corona(on average)
Nope, just tired of the fear mongering.
Oh I know he is.   https://i.imgur.com/03oWjZG.jpg
People are straight up lying about the (lack of) severity of it. It's not fearmongering it's saying be cautious because we simply don't know at this point.  It's obviously killed less than the flu because orders of magnitude more people have caught the flu. I don't think society will remotely approach collapse but people are just acting like it's harmless.  Then again if the older anti-science crowd gets hit hard I might be able to buy a house. Some old guy at work already said it's a Democrat hoax.
>It's not fearmongering it's saying be cautious because we simply don't know  Right on!  And is this going to turn into something similar to vax/anti-vax . . .
Yes, be cautious. Wash your hands, don’t touch your face, etc etc. but there is NO NEED for panic and hysteria. People are acting like it’s the end of the world and it isn’t. We’ve encountered plenty of coronaviruses. Some of them are even responsible for common colds. It isn’t something we haven’t seen before. It’s just a new strain. It isn’t harmless, but we’re being proactive and it shouldn’t get to be an epidemic in the US.
California declaring a state of emergency. Italy closing school. Japan closing school. Is this what you mean by panic? Who are you saying is panicking?

