North Carolina reports record spike in COVID-19 cases Friday

Makes sense. People shouldn’t be surprised that the numbers spiked since more people are out doing things since phase 2 started.
Also the first child in the state to die from it.
I believe the dashboard showed an even higher number yesterday (Saturday). 1,389 if I recall correctly.  Edit, just checked: https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard  It was 1,370 yesterday.
So does this mean we wont be moving to phase 3 in late June?
As long as it's linear growth and not exponential, I think we'll stay on track towards opening up.  My speculations is that the real test will be fall when the weather changes.
Good news is that it looks like hospitalizations are flattening and the test positivity rate is done spiking up. Next question is whether the positivity rate falls back towards 5% or whether it gets stuck at 7%.
No
Test positivity is at 9%. Also, hospitalizations will probably lag by 1-2 weeks.
The hospitalisations are up by 200+ people since the beginning of phase 1 aren't they? From like 500 to 700?
[The 7 day smooth is at 7.3% with a leveling pattern.](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/testing/individual-states/north-carolina) Individual day positivity is too volatile to really be useful.
Uh oh. That’s not what the N.C. DHHS is reporting. That’s a big discrepancy between two data sources so which one is correct?!

Anyone know where I can find detailed (and daily) Mecklenburg COVID-19 statistics?
Hi Guys.  I used to pull up all of Sen. Jackson's posts and in there he'd usually have some statistics, but I haven't seen one of those for a while and I haven't seen any statistics.  I usually go to worldometers.com Coronavirus page and check that out, but I'd like something for the county specifically.  Anyone have a good resource for that sort of information?  Thanks very much!
I like the state dashboard for real time updates, but for county updates check mecknc.gov, it lags a few days but when they do report they have each individual day https://www.mecknc.gov/news/Pages/Mecklenburg-County-COVID-19-Data-for-June-7.aspx
Maybe this will help: [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)
Thanks very much for the information!
https://bao.arcgis.com/covid-19/jhu/county/37119.html
[Weather.com](https://Weather.com) has a covid-19 page and you can choose the county.
Mandy Cohen's PowerPoint files...
Agreed - this is the best data that we've got. There are a lot of things that would be informative and should be available in Tableau on a real-time basis:  \- Length of stay for those hospitalized  \- Demographic information for those hospitalized  \- ICU vs. normal hospitalization  \- Any information on changes to hospitalization criteria  \- Any focus on hotspot testing that drives testing numbers - i.e., more focused testing on congregate care facilities, food packaging plants, etc.
I;d like to see hospitalizations by age range - any idea if that data is available?
[https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases)  An age breakdown is near the bottom of this page.

Gov. Cooper says further reopening of gyms and bars "not off the table" as COVID-19 cases in North Carolina continue to rise.

I know I'm just beating the same old drum but there really is no reason for bars to be closed. If taprooms can be open, and restaurants can stay open until 2am and serve customers in the bar area, there's no justification for bars to remain closed.  Gyms, well, that's an entirely different conversation.
Still have yet to see a logical plan for how people are supposed to workout in a gym together.   Everyone already doesn't use the sanitation wipes. I know people are not going to wipe dumbbells, machines, handles, barbells...  Oh and then there's the locker rooms.  I just don't see how this works, even if you limit the capacity.   If they open back up, all gyms should be required to allow people to get out of their contracts without any buyout. I'm not paying my monthly fee for the usual half-ass sanitation and maintenance.
The problem is that gyms are such a mixed bag.  On the one hand, you want them open - you want people staying healthy and fit, public health is important, especially with something like COVID.  Also, gyms tend to be small businesses with passionate local ownership - staying closed so long isn't hurting a giant soulless corporation, these are your neighbors going on financial life support.  On the other hand... being indoors and with so many shared surfaces, gyms are one of the most nightmarish places to try and ensure any kind of sterile cleaning protocol.  The bars I do not understand.  If you can let a restaurant open at limited capacity, what's the issue with a bar doing the same?  Not trying to argue these places SHOULD be open, but if you've allowed restaurants to have limited capacity, why hold back bars?  What's the fundamental reason for treating them differently?
The governor's position is completely illogical. If it made sense to shut everything down in March, why does it make sense to open everything back up now that the numbers are even worse than in March?  People are under the naive impression that we can save our economy by simply ignoring the reality of this virus. It's not going to work out that way. As the virus spreads exponentially and people see their friends and relatives get sick, fear will also spread exponentially. We have been lucky enough to avoid outcomes like in NYC, Italy and Spain, but this luck has simply led to overconfidence and underestimation of the threat.  We will eventually reach a point where almost everyone is scared to go to a restaurant or a gym. It may not happen this summer. It may happen by fall, as weather conditions further exacerbate spread. People will be too scared to send their kids to school or daycare and will be forced to do child care while trying to make a living. We will experience a domino effect of layoffs across the economy, affecting not just front-line workers but also back office, white collar workers in the banks.  Meanwhile, the unemployment money will dry up and state and local governments will face an existential crisis of bankruptcy. The BLM movement will morph into much wider social unrest, where much larger numbers of people face food insecurity.  And all this because our political leaders didn't have the balls to mandate masks and the political will to ramp up testing and contact tracing. Trump won't be the only politician who failed to meet the challenge.
If you drive by any restaurants in Charlotte during the weekend they are packed with 0 social distancing. I don’t think it’s fair to keep gyms closed (as long as they have their machines spaced out and wipes everywhere). Especially since gyms are the primary way a lot of people stay in shape.
Screw gyms, reopen movie theaters. Theaters can easily maintain social distancing.
The issues with bars, taprooms and even restaurants is the later hours. Everyone early in the evening are being pretty good about using good judgement and following rules. It's when they become intoxicated, that judgement starts to be affected. Everyone starts losing inhibitions and starts getting closer to each other, starts a conversation with a stranger to hook up, and the louder music starts the yelling to speak over it. I think everything should be open, but maybe a cutoff time of 10?
According to Cooper's "scientists", COVID absolutely hates establishments that serve food and it avoids them and targets identical establishments that do not have a kitchen.  The existence of a cooking area makes the establishment 70% more resistant to COVID19
My feeling is that it would look REALLY bad, in this state, to open up bars and not churches
I've been hitting the video workouts at home. A basic set of dumbbells and a rubber mat are working wonders. I do miss the machines but you gotta do what you gotta do.
Honestly with the caseload increasing, i will not be surprised if they have another stay at home order. If the was to lower the curve/ stop spreading the virus. It’s a bad thing to reopen with very few cases
Not saying its the best set up and not necessarily the safest but the PF in Rock Hill is getting the job done pretty well. Theirs an extra worker or two ensuring everything is being sanitized constantly. Plus all the gym-goers are pretty respectful in cleaning everything after themselves. If you ask me, the only time i come into close contact with a person at the gym now is when they ask how many sets i have left. Even the cardio machines are spread out and only each other machine is usable. They also are only allowing 50 % capacity.  So in all honesty , everything is socially-distanceable (just made that word up meaning be around 6 ft away from somebody) as long as youre not in that front area with all the dumbbells. Otherwise, you should be good.  My biggest question would be how do those super tiny mom n pop gyms handle it ? PF is huge so theirs plenty of space but one of those tiny gyms is where i’d worry.
Let people take responsibility for this on their own.
I also don't have a horse in this race, but just to play devil's advocate: 1. most people come to restaurants for a discrete time/purpose, you're there for an hour or whatever and then leave; people come to bars and hang out (I'm generalizing but I think you get the idea); 2. at bars people are by definition drinking alcohol, which leads to relaxed behaviour (safety); people at restaurants are not necessarily drinking alcohol.   Obviously there are exceptions - you can get alcohol at some restaurants, you might only come to a bar for a quick beer and leave, etc. but when I try to understand why the different treatment, that's what I come up with.  I would have a lot more sympathy with the "personal responsibility" arguments if we didn't see so much anti-mask sentiment. Remember, masks are not to protect yourself, they're to protect other people.
Well so you're incorrect on assuming that the same logic we had March is the same logic we have now. Back then we had little information about the virus, our hospital system was not ready, masks for healthcare workers wearing short supply and production had to be ramped up for many pandemic related items. With the virus itself we originally thought that it had a mortality rate of 4%. That was based on early data and based on mostly the severe cases that were presenting to the hospital rather than the minor cases that never need to go to the hospital. CDC now estimates that total mortality rate of this is 0.4% which is in the order of magnitude of a severe flu strain for context. Furthermore since then we've built out our testing ability and have several treatments in the trial stages.   Furthermore we have seeing the counterfactual countries like Sweden but never locked down that did not get hammered like everyone said they would.  On top of that to the longer this goes on the more the people are going to suffer from other side effects of the lockdowns. The real economy is in the tank with 14 or so percent unemployed. People losing their livelihoods.   We've learned a lot since March.. a lot of that heading towards being able to safely reopen.
It didn't make sense to shut everything down in March.
>We will eventually reach a point where almost everyone is scared to go to a restaurant or a gym  Not me. I've been to restaurants at least 4 nights a week since the re-opening and I'm not looking back.
 Just about every business has been given a fair chance to reopen except for gyms, doesn't really add up to me. People should be given a chance to make their own decisions on if the gym is worth it now, if not ok, just dont go then.
Actually a good point; I hadn't really thought of that, but most theaters that I have been to in Charlotte have assigned seating
To be fair they do get health inspected at least.
Perhaps it has something to do with drunk people making bad decisions?  But even with that - it is unfair.
No one seems to have a problem with taprooms being open 🤷🏼‍♀️
It needs to happen but it won't
Agreed. Sign a public health waiver, and if you go out and sick your healthcare costs are 100% on you.
The .4% estimate is just one of many estimates. There are many other estimates that are significantly higher made by other credible sources. See https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/06/05/fact-check-cdc-estimates-covid-19-death-rate-0-26/5269331002/.  In any case, .4% is still 4X more deadly than the flu, and you also have to factor in that unlike the flu, the population has no immunity to this virus. So, it is going to spread more widely.   Another factor is the high rate of hospitalization. People forget that many survivors come away with huge medical bills and severely traumatized by the illness, both mentally and physically. Being in the ICU for several weeks can change the trajectory of your life, especially if you are older.  Sweden is not a counter example. For one thing, they have a pretty high death rate much higher than countries that locked down. Secondly, they did locked down to a significant extent, voluntarily rather than by government order. Here's an article where Sweden's leading epidemiologist acknowledges that Sweded fucked up: https://www.livescience.com/results-of-sweden-covid19-response.html  This is exactly what I'm warning about. As the virus surges, fear will prevent people from resuming normal activities. This will hurt the economy regardless of government orders.   I'm not even making an argument for or against another lockdown. It is going to happen whether you like it or not.   Government lockdowns don't really solve the problem. What solves the problem is pretty simple, wearing a mask! And, of course, testing and tracing. That is the bizarre part. That people would rather not wear a mask than save 1000s of lives and billions of dollars in economic losses. We are going to learn a hard lesson.  In the end, there is still a lot of uncertainty. Treatments will probably arrive at some point and make a big difference, but they will likely reach the population late in year if we are lucky. This is like predicting the stock market. There is no way to predict with certainty, but my best guess is that we will get hit with another surge and will be unable to recover economically in the near future. It's going to take years. And we will reach a point where hospitals get overwhelmed, probably in the fall. The only thing that might mitigate this is if people finally change their behavior. As things get worse, people will change their behavior but again that is hard to predict.
Well, enjoy it while you can. At some point, we may see restaurants go out of business, and it won’t be because we locked down. It’ll be because we didn’t take aggressive enough measures to control the virus through wearing masks, testing, tracing, etc.
This guy cornaviruses. Get it bud!!
yeah we've established that the virus is orders of magnitude less deadly than we originally thought, it sucks but let people make their own choices
Sell a limited number of seats and only allow people to sit in every 3rd seat. Some income for movie theaters is better than absolutely no income. AMC, one of the best theater companies, is about ready to file for bankruptcy.
You can go hang at the bar and get drunk at nearly every restaurant open right now.  Flying Saucer, O'Charley's, Chili's, Longhorn, Boardwalk Billy's, Picasso's, Moosehead's, RoCo, Ed's Tavern, the Beer Garden, I could go on for paragraphs of places with bar areas that are open and full of people hanging around drinking.  The remaining bar only places not open are a tiny fraction of the whole industry that is already open  edit: Plus all breweries are open which is nothing but people hanging around drinking, maybe there's food.  To say it's ok for the above listed places to open, but not a place like Blind Pig for example, doesn't make sense.  Pig has a similar layout as other spots, tables and bar seats which can be regulated the same.  Plus, the vetoed bill was going to force places like Pig to seat 100% of their 50% capacity outdoors, which is pretty imbalanced application of the restrictions.
That’s cuz ya Baptist’s gotta go somewhere
It would completely kill the economy. I think both liberal/republicans are starting to think that stay at home orders are a bad idea.  It was way to early to open up if they wanted to flatten the curve/prevent infections.
Why does it “need to happen” lol
More people need to look up ICU delirium.  Most people are never the same after an extended trip to the ICU-if they make it out.
Did you even read your own article? He was saying that they should have done more to protect the elderly, not lock everyone down. 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️  “With herd immunity on the distant horizon, and nearly 41,900 confirmed cases so far in the country”, Tegnell said he still stands by Sweden's original COVID-19 strategy.
that was a stupid statement lol
I agree, a complete shutdown won't fly. Success in the alternative, however, relies on personal responsibility to limit infection. And we're not taking that too seriously right now, it seems.
I know, I have had family in the ICU. For elderly in particular, it advances cognitive and physical decline, taking years off your life. For younger people, it can depend on how prolonged the stay was. The bottom line is that the cost of this virus cannot only be measured in deaths. It should also be measured in medical bills, loss of economic productivity, reduced life expectancy and pain and suffering.

CLT friends Donate blood at TBC July 1-7 to receive FREE COVID-19 antibody testing, $20 VISA card, & TBC t-shirt. Message me & I can get you signed up at a location that’s convenient for you.


COVID-19 spreads in Charlotte region: ‘Steep climb’ in cases, concern over younger deaths

This shouldn’t surprise anyone. If it does, it’s on the individual for not paying close enough attention.
Get ready to be moonlighting as teachers again come August.
Coronavirus cases in Mecklenburg and two neighboring counties have increased over the past two weeks, concerning leaders who say the trend cannot be attributed solely to additional testing.  In Mecklenburg County, 95 new cases were reported Wednesday morning by state health officials, bringing the total number of cases since mid-March to 7,563. As of late Tuesday, 134 people with COVID-19 have died locally. An average of 11% of individuals who were tested were positive during the past week — an increase over the last 14 days, according to health officials.  Leaders in Gaston County say there’s been a “sharp increase,” suggesting “COVID-19 is spreading rapidly in the area,” according to a news release Tuesday. Warnings from health officials in the region come as North Carolinians move further away from the state’s now-expired stay-at-home order and more businesses are permitted to reopen and expand capacity.  Gaston County saw a 312% increase in positive COVID-19 tests between May 30 and June 12, the release states.  “During that same period, the percentage of positive tests out of total tests increased from 5.14% to 11.17%,” according to Gaston officials.  The county has also seen a rise in hospitalizations in the time period — “from single digits in mid-May to more than 20 over the past week.” Officials are warning the public to wear masks, wash hands frequently and continue social distancing while being “vigilant.”  State health officials reported a total of 576 cases and nine deaths in Gaston County, as of Wednesday.  In Cabarrus County, 184 new cases were reported between June 5 and June 15, bringing the county’s total to 740. Another data point worrying health officials — the percent of positive tests — has increased in recent weeks to nearly 10% between May 31 and June 6, Cabarrus County reported.  The county’s health alliance has called it a “steep climb” and renewed calls for people to wear masks in public.  A total of 27 people in the county have died from COVID-19, according to the Cabarrus Health Alliance on Tuesday. Most were people age 70 or older and most were connected to nursing homes or long-term care facilities. But, health officials say, two of the most recent deaths were people in their 20s and one person who was in their 40s.  Statewide, the Department of Health and Human Services reported 1,002 new cases on Wednesday, for a total of 46,855. North Carolina saw 14 more deaths, for a total of 1,168.  Health officials in Mecklenburg, Gaston and Cabarrus counties have all said in recent days they’re concerned about the trends corresponding with less social distancing.  **“Over the last two weeks, we have seen a dramatic drop in the average age of death due to COVID-19 related illness, from 83 years old to 39,”** said CHA Health Director Dr. Bonnie Coyle. “Deaths among younger populations, along with our rapidly growing case count are extremely concerning as we approach the tentative start of Phase 3 Reopening and the July 4th holiday.”  North Carolina’s reopening Phase Three would allow for increased capacity at bars, restaurants and entertainment venues and is set to begin on June 26. State officials, though, have not formally announced the next phase will occur on that timeline.
Aw fuck
Overall, I'm not surprised.  I was surprised to see the average age of death drop like a rock, though.
Ok this is some criminal misuse of statistics. You can’t take a few outlier values and specifically bound your range to give them an outsized influence on the average and then try to claim a trend. This is on the order of the climate change deniers who cherry-pick the start and end years for a range to make it look like average temperatures are flat over a decade.
I really wish we knew what kind of additional health issues (if any) the younger victims had.  It’s terrifying news if they were healthy in every way and then struck down by COVID.
That kind of makes sense though, it’s not saying it’s killing a lot of people. It said 2 people in their 20’s died recently. I assume the average is about 70 still. Those 2 weeks could very well be an outlier or various other noise in the data.  Young people are going out now, not wearing mask in huge numbers and now nursing homes are locked down. Before everyone was stuck in their house. So since it’s spreading much more through young people it will undoubtedly kill more young people with the overall case number being more grossly unreported in those populations.
Definitely. It was unclear if the average age was just over the last 2 weeks or is it now that low overall though.
It really shouldn't though, they've been saying it kills younger people the whole time.   Younger people have been told they are invincible and they stopped precautions.
2/740=.27%. It’s not very frightening imo.   Minimize trips you don’t need/want to take. Wear a mask in public (indoors) and wash your hands and you should be okay.
Could be nice to know.  At the same time, it’s pretty unlikely they were completely healthy. If they were, it’s really unlucky and not any indication that young people are at higher risk in CLT than anywhere else
Stats. Do ya dig em?  42.3% of cases in Meck were ages 20-39 as of 6/14. There were no deaths listed in their 20s at that time (data from the county). So even without including any new cases that’s a death rate of .07%.  Almost 80% of the infections in that demographics were minorities so if we make the assumption that a decent amount of those people may not have the best health care access or underlying health issues.....I don’t think this is anything for healthy young people to go into hiding over. More young people in Meck probably die from homicides, car wrecks, and overdoses in a year than would die if ever single 20-39 year old in the county were infected.  Edit: just read that those two deaths were in Cabarrus. Can’t find any data on 20 somethings dying in Meck. So the death rate for now is 0%?
Agreed, the article mentions:   > But, health officials say, two of the most recent deaths were people in their 20s and one person who was in their 40s.   So is that just 1 person in their 20's in Cabarrus county?  And I assume 0 in mecklenburg?
That’s what it sounds like. I’m not trying to downplay how bad the virus can be and obviously in some situations it can lead to longer term health impacts (much like any virus)....but for most young people which is likely the majority of this subreddit, this is not worth freaking out over. Do your part. Protect the vulnerable and do your best to mitigate risks.   We have a 99.93% chance of making it through this even if we get the virus. Spread that risk over a 12-18 mo period to where we have a vaccine and your daily risk is essentially 0.

Charlotte brewery, seafood restaurant both close after workers test for COVID-19

Tupelo had someone test positive but have kept it quiet. They didn't test anyone else on staff afterwards either...
Boardwalk Billies in UNCC just announced they are closing too after having an employee test positive.
The restaurant I work at in Uptown has basically told us if one of us tests positive that no one is to say anything to anybody and we will continue on as normal.
What are they. Paywall
As the virus spreads exponentially, we are going to see more and more cases where businesses are forced to close and fear keeps people away from these business.  This reality points to a fundamental flaw in our political debate. The most important question is not when we should re-open or close, it's how can we most effectively control the virus. What's clear is that even if we reopen, businesses will still suffer. And even if we close, people will violate social distancing rules. There will be constant pressure from the population to socialize and get the economy started, but the virus will constantly push back and prevent that from happening.  The only way out of this predicament is to control the virus through less painful means: wearing masks, testing and contact tracing. Experts have been telling us this for months, but people are not paying attention. Every country that is controlling the virus effectively is using these three measures, at least. Germany just released an app to perform automated contact tracing and got 6 million downloads the first day. This is not even being discussed widely in the US.
Are y'all *sure* reopening was a good idea?
Any news agency that puts COVID-19 related news behind a paywall is just sad.
Resident Culture was not even open for regular business.  They did have the drive through open, but wore a mask and gloves the whole time.  Clearly the disease is still around, but I am going to wager the worker didn't get it from working...
So we open and then we close again.....may be the new norm until whenever......get it while its hots or before we close again?
Essential workers aren’t getting a bonus from working during this this time but some guy is sitting on his couch making $600 a week.  Edit: look like the people on unemployment found this
Which location? There's one in Uptown and South End.   Oops, I didn't realize that they closed the south end location to open the uptown one. My bad.
Tupelo seems to have pretty terrible management.
That place and the shops around there were bonkers packed last weekend. We went there just to walk around the lake(edit: pond).
Yikes. That sucks.  See, *this* is the problem. If everyone could get on board, we'd have this thing beat in no-time. But nope, we're gonna fly in the face of public health, because we're 'Murr'kins or freedom or something and such as? Can someone ELI5 why we're like this?
They are at least going to tell the person infected to stay home for a few weeks right?
Well when you test positive they will ask you who you have had prolonged contact with and you tell them honestly. The doctors will reach out and tell them, that's not your choice.   They will be encouraged to get tested.
 Stagioni, Waterman Fish Bar,  and Resident Culture.
Since when does Charlotte observer have a pay wall? I was able to read the article
Poke around in your browser and clear any cookies with charlotte in their name.  Various anti-ad plugins can help with this as well.
If you open the link in an incognito window you should be able to read it.
First off: I completely relate to your username. Indeed, it's how I describe myself to people if the topic comes up. With that in mind, the idea of an app that tracks who I'm with (and when and for how long), makes me cringe the cringiest cringe, *but* I also know it's absolutely something we should do.   The fact that so many of our population support (in varying degrees) a man who said "if we stop testing right now, we'd have very few cases, if any" is at the heart of the problem. Too many people just don't take it seriously enough (or at all) to help control the spread. Their "leader" isn't taking it seriously...why should they?  And here we are...
They reopened because not being open means eventually going bankrupt paying for facilities that no one uses. So yea, a lot of businesses are willing to risk it to stay alive.
I thought the same thing but it'll let you read if you register for a free account. Which I won't do but I guess it's not technically a paywall.
What’s your solution? Shit outta luck, have fun on the streets kind of a thing? Or... let’s hear it.
$600 a week is only $15/hr.  Businesses not paying their essential workers a livable wage is a problem, you’re right, they SHOULD get hazard pay for risking their safety. BUT it’s not the people on unemployment’s fault that so many companies don’t pay their employees livable wages, that was a problem before COVID. And there are plenty of people who made significantly less on unemployment than they did before, I was one of them.
Um, I'm not on unemployment; I've been working as an "essential worker" all along. But I certainly don't begrudge someone who's using unemployment insurance as it's meant to be used, *particularly* when it's not their fault - not *anybody's* fault - they're out of work right now.  Sounds like we found the guy who's jealous of those who can't work. I guess you'd rather be home browsing Reddit in your underwear?
Yup.  Gotta stick it to small business owners while we can.    Less than 1,200 deaths, over the course of six months, in a state of 10 million people, and not a single death under the age of 25.  40 deaths under the age of 60.    Some interesting reading:  [https://dcwhispers.com/new-stanford-study-suggests-covid-19-is-no-more-deadly-than-the-typical-flu/](https://dcwhispers.com/new-stanford-study-suggests-covid-19-is-no-more-deadly-than-the-typical-flu/)   Fortunately we have Senator Jeff Jackson working tirelessly for criminals' rights while voting to keep small businesses closed.  [https://www.billtrack50.com/BillDetail/1113122](https://www.billtrack50.com/BillDetail/1113122)   It's just, unreal.
someone give this guy 110 upvotes.
Wait, did they? That sucks. I haven't been to the Uptown one yet but the one in South End had a neat layout. That elevator was pretty cool. Plus parking was relatively easy.
They got a bad sanitation rating the last time they were inspected too. They failed on basic stuff like handwashing
The Flying saucer had a overpacked parking lot the other day... there’s no way they were social distancing.
ELI5:  - Money - Ignorance - Greed - Money - Close-mindedness - Money
Yes, they would tell them to stay home for a few weeks but I was part of a meeting where they said that if that happens that we won’t have anybody tested and business would continue as usual. Crazy. Some of us objected but apparently it would cost too much and it would also “make us look bad, so no one would come”.
I didn't think RC ever opened in the first place.
Not surprised on Waterman. They’ve had a packed rooftop every weekend. I get it’s outdoors but even that must have medium-high potential of spread without proper distancing
When COVID first reared its head, they removed the paywall from all Coronavirus related articles. Now they seem hit and miss with that, and it's definitely up for everything else. I had to open in an incognito window to read it. I *think* they have a "3 free articles per month" thing which may have been why you could read it. Dunno.
Use uBlock Origin.
Yes, the contact-tracing app is creepy and scary, but if you look at it's actual implementation in Germany for example, it is actually far less invasive than so many apps people are already using.  People are already constantly being tracked by innocent-sounding apps (like weather apps), and that information is being sold to dozens of companies who collate info from other apps.  Germany's COVID app actually has a lot of privacy protections built in to limit its potential for abuse. Why? Because it was actually designed with government oversight rather than private corporations trying to peer into our souls and control our consumption habits.  It's odd to me how we fear the government yet are so blase about corporations taking away our privacy rights. After all, the government is a expression of democracy and supposed to represent us, which is not the case for corporations. It seems to me that there is no more appropriate role for government than protecting public health.
Think about all the other things that we stop businesses from doing in order to protect the safety of American citizens.
This is the federal gov's fault for not freezing rent back in march and giving its citizens UBI while actually getting contact tracing, hospitals and PPE in shape so we weren't still in the middle of the first wave trying to reopen. Businesses and people are fucked now.
Have they considered that dead people generally do not eat at restaurants?
It seems that it was not worthwhile for these three businesses that have now reclosed, is it?   We should be taking care of people instead of forcing them to work to "earn" existence. This is madness.
Interesting. That's changed. They used to remove the paywall from all COVID related news. Now they're offering a "free account" for it. Marketing department FTW, I guess.
Give essential worker hazard pay since they are at higher risk of catching COVID.
You guys are reading his comment as "fuck these lazy people getting paid while I work".  To me it sounds more like he is saying, "if the gov't is able to hand out $600/wk to every person with reduced hours due to coronavirus, why can't they do something to help workers putting themselves at high risk to be essential?" which is a good point
Yes, NC has better infection and death numbers than a lot of other states, but 120k people have died in the US from Covid.  NC did better because it closed earlier and opened later than a lot of states.  Now that more things are opening you're starting to see our numbers go up and up.  Two weeks ago we did have an 8 year old girl die from Covid, and I personally know teenagers that were sick with fevers for several weeks from it and their doctors are concerned about possible long-term effects.  It's not just like the flu.  Also, good luck attacking Jeff Jackson in /r/charlotte
I'd rather downdoot both of you for being morons
About the best you can.  Half the tables are moved outside and half the booths are closed, all tables are 6 ft apart and most people sit outdoors.  They do prevent more than their 50% from entering, but afaik that hasn't happened yet.  Usually the majority of customers are outdoors, or at least half of them all the time I've seen.  But the tables are all a good distance away, the bar seating had been reduced, and the parties at the tables are usually 6 - 8 or less.  They also have boards posted with guidelines asking people not to wander group to group.
Yeah. Sigh.  And you forgot to list "Money".
They've only been open for drive through, and have been in ppe and sanitizing every time i've interacted with them.  They said that the positive case was not working the drive thrus and they're just being transparent and extra cautious.
It's thier drive through service according to the article.
Yep. Or this.
This right here.
>It's odd to me how we fear the government yet are so blase about corporations taking away our privacy rights.  Indeed. I'm as Free Market Capitalist as they come, but at the same time, I shake my head at how much we gut ourselves and let corporations root around our innards. Personally speaking, I don't fear government as much as I distrust their ability to responsibly spend our tax dollars. Overall, we've got a good thing going, if a little bloated and mired in bureaucracy. But when it comes to science-y things (like public health), I'll let the government lab coats drive the bus.  If only we *all* listened to Dr. Fauci.
Rent and loans. Almost all businesses are currently in debt to operate, run, or expand.  And I agree. No one has yet explained to me why the only solution to this problem is to keep jamming money into the funnel to landlords and banks when businesses can't do safe or sufficient business instead of plugging the bottom of the funnel. If no one is paying rent or plans then the banks and LL's and business owners only need to worry about food and utilities. That stimulus money would have gone a lot farther for that. That, and not giving hundreds of billions of it to already fabulously wealthy people.
Except freezing rent just moves the problem further up the chain. Instead of the immediate business going bankrupt, the landlord does. And if you freeze mortgages, you bankrupt the banks handling them. I know some idiot on here is going to post “fuck the banks” or something, but if credit markets freeze, people can’t buy and sell houses so everyone gets stuck where they are. If people can’t move to take new jobs in a recovery, the recovery dies. If you pay people too much in unemployment benefits, they refuse to go back to work and businesses die.  Well-meaning social policies is how you turn a recession into a depression.
Nailed it
I think everyone understands that, but in lieu of a competent federal government response, what is your advice to these businesses that must reopen to survive?
Prefer capitalism than living a beggar's life as a socialist.
Living people also generally do not eat at restaurants that have gone out of business.
Spooky 👻
It would've been nice if the government had directed some (more) of the billions of dollars of relief funding to doing things like covering the fixed costs of businesses like these instead of primarily having the Federal Reserve print money to bail out financial investors.
I don't think RC actually opened the tap room did they? Last I knew the were being very cautious and just doing drive ups. Think it was more likely someone catching it outside of the work environment, sounds like they did everything right here.
You know how I know you didn’t read the article?  Resident Culture, for instance, closed for 48 hours for cleaning and is open again.    And you’re right, we should take care of people but first those people need to try and take care of themselves.  The world doesn’t “owe” you anything and the sooner you come to grips with this the sooner you’ll be a functioning adult.
No risk, no reward.
Definitely marketing
What’s that got to do with someone collecting unemployment?
He went on to say:  “Someone sitting on their ass at home shouldn’t making more per month than someone working.”  That’s why people are reacting to him the way they are.
Exactly.  In other news: I wouldn't put too much stock in someone citing [dcwhispers.com](https://dcwhispers.com) as a source.
EDIT: Misinformation on my end. Wife is on unemployment too.   My uncle works on the factory line making f150s as a manager. He makes 90k a year. He’s refusing to go back to work because he’s collecting at a rate of over 100k a year currently on unemployment up in Michigan. He’s not going back until the unemployment ends on July 31st.  I know multiple others that make more than what they did before, almost double, actually. The fact the government didn’t give people money based off how much they made per month is crazy to me.   I get the whole idea of giving people money so they stay afloat, but you need to be smart and have a small savings of 6 months in case stuff goes south. This wasn’t orchestrated right and is not fair to people that work, especially those that need to work with hundreds of different people a day - essential workers.
It was just a way for the GOP to rob the coffers of taxpayers and give it to their billionaire and corporate backers. There was no logical sense to it. Just plain graft and it's infuriating. McConnell is evil but competent and is willing to let hundreds of thousands die to further his corporate backers.
Taking that a step further, Housing is the least of the concerns with a frozen credit market because of how long term those problems are. All businesses.. especially essential ones use credit to fund supply chains and inventories. As it is the Fed has had to take steps that have never been taken before to keep things liquid.  The cold truth is that there is no other option but to open the shuttered portions of the economy. Maybe that says more about how broken our system is, but the government isn't capable of hitting the pause button on the economy for 12-18 months.
The big banks would be just fine. The fed was created to be a bank for banks for exactly this reason. The fed should keep them afloat in an emergency situation like this. Plus big banks make most of their money from things other then the property loan market. The industry that would die is the mortgage servicing companies but they shouldn't be allowed to exist in the first place.    "If you pay people too much in unemployment benefits, they refuse to go back to work and businesses die." This is objectively false. We have seen time and time again when UBI is tried people still work. What they don't do is accept abnormally low wages and terrible working conditions anymore because they have a safety net. It restores power to the workers.   And the key was this needed to have been done immediately and while the freeze was in place you get the virus under control and prep the infrastructure needed to handle covid once the economy reopened, because you can't keep it closed until we get a vaccine. The problem is we did neither of those. So instead we have massive unemployment, a raging first wave, no medical and contact tracing infra in place and a massive transfer of money to insanely rich corporations that mostly didn't need it. It was literally the dumbest way to handle the pandemic and it's going to cost us hundreds of thousands more lives and a major depression.
I'm kind of waiting for this problem to flow up to the banks anyway and lead to the govt bailing them out/"nationalizing" some of them (i.e., equity stakes).
There isn't one. We are fucked. Small business are going to go out of business at an insane rate. We are going to enter a major depression and hundred thousands more people are going to die. If we could get the GOP out of office like right now and institute the policies we needed in March, maybe we could stave it off. But that is fantasy. Even a sustained Ubi for all the US would help, but that won't happen either. Now though, our only real hope is covid just ends up being less lethal then we thought and it ends up we can actually get long term immunity after catching it.
And people's whose restaurants have gone out of business may not eat
If you think that these places are only going to have this happen once and that it's only going to be these places you are deluding yourself.  We are actually still in the first wave and it's turned out the warmer weather has slowed the spread some.  This winter is going to fuck us up. That's scentific  consensus
You know, I work a manufacturing job that doesn't require contact with the public. I'm fine, I've been working through this whole thing. So when I say we need to take care of people, *I'm not fucking talking about me*.
Someone sitting on their ass at home shouldn’t making more per month than someone working.
if you add on the end of that  ... "who is essential and being forced to be at a higher risk"  Then I would agree, that is kinda fucked up some people are able to stay home and get a pay raise while others are forced to work in a high risk environment without compensation
There is no one making $100k on unemployment.  Edited to add because I like to really stop these lies. Michigan's max unemployment benefits are close to ours $362 a week.  With the pua someone can make as much as 962 a week *If they made enough to qualify for the max weekly payments*. Those people are exactly why the 600 a week exists though, to help get through because if you do make $90k a year all of a sudden $362 is a killer drop.   So that's about $50k a year in unemployment it it was a whole year which we know it isn't.   https://www.michigan.gov/leo/0,5863,7-336-78421_97241_98585_98650-522548--,00.html
I hope you saw my edit proving your lie
Thank god you’re here to clutch your pearls and have an argument that nobody else is having.  Jesus.  You’re not even wrong most of the time you’re just pushing one hell of an agenda, scared, and pathetic.  Nobody thinks this is a one time thing or that there won’t be other events.  But you know what?  With our current leadership that’s life now.  Do your absolute best to keep yourself safe.  Because nobody else is going to do it for you.  That’s the point.  God damn.
Oh I’m sorry.  I didn’t realize that your specific case completely invalidated a societal truth.
So getting laid off and/or furloughed is the equivalent of “sitting on your ass”. Pretty telling attitude. I’m sure it would be fine if it was you though. This pandemic isn’t anybody’s fault. It’s not a laziness or entitlement problem. It’s just a tough situation and people need help sometimes. Plus, unemployment works out to like $15/hour so it’s not like anybody is getting rich. Most people would still be struggling to make their bills. As for your edit. I’m fortunate enough to be working from home. But I can still acknowledge when other people need help. You seem like the type that thinks cutting food stamps and public TV would solve the debt crisis.
You’re right, employers should have stepped up and properly compensated their employees who were at risk. It’s still not the fault of the people who were laid off and furloughed. Being laid off or furloughed is terrifying and stressful, it is not the same thing as sitting on your ass at home and doing nothing. Don’t be upset at the people who lost their job due to circumstances out of their control for receiving unemployment benefits. Be upset at the employers not properly compensating their employees. Be upset that the minimum wage in North Carolina is only $7.25/hr. No matter what your stance on it is, no one needs to blame the people who were laid off and furloughed because it’s not their fault. I see a lot of people a day in my profession and I’ve yet to meet a single person who was laid off during this that said they would prefer that over working.
Hey, apologies. I also found out that the wife was on unemployment too, which was the reason we were seeing the number on 100k or so. I've edited it on my end on the first post above. Had to reach out to my family in michigan for clarification.  HOWEVER, it still does not add up to me, as the wife worked as a free-lance contractor for media purposes, and the company ceased all operations due to the pandemic, so she collected unemployment. Seeing she was a part time worker, it is crazy to me that she ended up getting a giant pay jump to 962 a week. Still absolutely uncalled for and not right.   Essential workers weren't treated right. The fact a nurse doesn't get extra pay or workers at krogers or walmart don't get more is even crazier, with all the stuff they had to put up with. If you're saying someone that doesn't have an emergency savings account and sits on a couch all day for something like this deserves more than someone that is working on the front lines, you friend, I entirely disagree with. Hence OP's argument. 50k on unemployment is a crazy amount anyway.   People need to be smart. Don't put money down on something unless you have a year of savings to be able to cover it.
Exactly this. My wife and I have both been *lucky* enough to continue working throughout all of this. She's been WFH; I work for an essential company, so not much has changed for me. I've been out there, in the world, exposing myself (#phrasing...are we still doing phrasing?). But here's the key: I've never expected "hazard pay". I'm just thrilled to collect my normal paycheck.  I have a couple of friends who were *unlucky* in that they were furloughed. They're back to work now, but when they were "sitting on their asses", they were freaking the fuck out. How long is this going to last? Will my bennies run out before I can go back to work?   In conclusion, FOH to anyone who thinks that everyone who got laid off is home smoking weed, eating Cheetos, and masturbating to reruns of The Golden Girls. Granted, that might be the case with some people, but not all. I, for instance, am more of a Baywatch kinda guy.
She would only get 962 *if she was already making so much money at "part time" that her income was high enough that her regular unemployment payment was $362.   Unemployment is about 30-40% of your regular pay.  So you're telling me that part time she was making $900 a week.   So now she's getting $962, a whole $60 extra.  That's not "insulting". *Shes getting her regular pay*.  It's not that essential workers don't deserve better but the unemployed people are not "living the high life".
Thank you! I was one of the unlucky ones who was furloughed, it took 2 and a half months to receive anything from unemployment, I was back working before I actually received the back pay. I was freaking the fuck out, I cried for weeks. The stimulus check my husband and I got only paid two months rent. It was scary and I wish people would stop glorifying the unemployment because frankly, it fucking sucked.
She was making about 600 a week, or 2400 a month, 28.8k a year.   Now she is making around 900 or so a week. So yes, she is making more than what she did. That is absolutely insulting.   My friend to add onto this was making around 25k a year. He told me. Why do I see new furniture in his place? A New Samsung TV? I sat down and asked him how much he was making, and he told me the absolute max that he can get here in NC.   You are absolutely living the high life if you get paid to do nothing, all while making more than you previously did. And its proven by tons of non-biased news agencies, like FiveThirtyEight  Look here: https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/many-americans-are-getting-more-money-from-unemployment-than-they-were-from-their-jobs/  And Here: https://www.npr.org/2020/05/26/861906616/when-returning-to-your-job-means-a-cut-in-pay  And lastly Here: https://www.bridgemi.com/business-watch/michigan-jobs-go-unfilled-when-workers-make-more-unemployment
Sorry you had to go through that. Hopefully there won't be another shutdown in the Second Wave that forces situations like that again.
If she was making $600 a week before then she is making about $840 before taxes now. If she is choosing to not have taxes withheld she will have to pay those later. And they will be higher taxes on higher income.  For 12 whole weeks she is getting $240 extra while her husband is making $833 *less* each of those weeks.   That's not a break even. They are losing $593 a week off his income even with the extra she is getting.   That's the point.   Yeah, some people are still out of work really making "more money". You know who a lot of those are?   People whose income was already super low. Those people are those essential workers you claim to care about. Servers and such. And they are going back to work slowly but getting barely enough hours to make them ineligible for any unemployment now so they are living on that extra.  So the "strawman" of some idiot that blew the "extra" they got is an outlier and not the truth.

COVID-19 Cases have gone up nearly 20% in one week in Mecklenburg County.
From 7,131 on June 15th to 8,752 as of this morning, June 22nd.Source: [https://infection2020.com](https://infection2020.com)What do you think? Increase in testing? Premature re-opening? Lack of people wearing PPE? I'm quite concerned about this.
Since testing has gone up, the best data point to use right now until testing stabilizes is hospitalization rate. According to the [NC DHHS COVID Dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard), COVID hospitalizations have gone from 797 to 845 in the past week, or 6%. What this tells is that yes, there are more positives due to more testing, but there are *still* people becoming ill enough to be admitted to the hospital.
[Johns Hopkins](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/testing/individual-states/north-carolina) has the test positivity rate as slightly higher than the low a month ago but holding fairly steady now at around 7-7.5%. That’s not great but also not insanely high. [Rt](https://rt.live/) has the reproductive rate at 1.03, which is above 1 (bad), but not much higher than 1. Long story short, NC is in a slow roll outbreak, not a rapid increase but also not a drop off. Lots of places in the US that are in worse shape. We’ll probably skim along at this rate until the virus runs out of accessible spreaders and then Rt will start to trend down at some point. Once it falls below 1, the outbreak is effectively collapsing. It should also be noted that most of the places with an Rt that’s well below 1 are places that had large outbreaks, so it seems that the only way out is through.
People aren't taking it seriously. Testing is up, but so is hospitalization as well so cases are spiking.  You definitely should be concerned
And I'm the only one wearing a mask at work since its optional. I feel paranoid
There’s been groups having parties in and at their homes in my neighborhood for weeks now. 12+ people easy on weekend night. A number of houses have turned their garages into mini nightclubs, packed with people drunk and grinding on each other.     Add to that the numerous crowds you see out in public places acting like they never heard about a pandemic and it’s no wonder cases are on the rise.
With how many fatalities?  Most people that get it don't get sick, if they do it's not enough so to be hospitalized, and if they are they don't die.  Not a single death, in the whole state (population 10 million), under the age of 25.  Source:  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/)
I’m in Davidson and went to a Harris teeter, shocked that myself and employees were the only ones with masks
It was always going to spike after reopening. No matter when you reopened or how many layers of masks and gloves you make individuals wear. We just wanted to have room in the hospital when people needed it.
Only place I really go is Dilworth Harris Teeter and South End Lowe’s and I see basically everyone wearing masks.  Maybe 2-3/10 aren’t.
Never seen something more overblown in my life than this disease. I pray for the day we can look back and say,"damn we really overreacted for nothing, but everything is back to normal now."
There is nothing in the data from NC DHHS that shows there is any concern about the virus.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard  Over the past month from 5/21/2020 to 6/21/2020 a total of 845 people are currently hospitalized vs 53,000 cases. An increase of 247 people over 30 days.  Over the past 30 days we have increased our testing 150% and the number of confirmed cases have increased 162%. However total hospitalizations have only increased 45%.  From 5/21/2020 to 6/21/2020 there have been 443,487 tests completed and 32,679 positive cases for a positive test rate of 7.36%.  Compare this to from the start of the pandemic to prior to 5/21/2020 with 302,288 tests and 20,112 positive cases or 6.65% positive test rate and it shows the positive test rate has remained flat throughout the entirety of this pandemic.  The DHHS website shows there are 3,223 licensed ICU beds in North Carolina and that 1,756 are in use or 54% in use.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations  Getting COVID does not mean you are going to the ICU. Hospitalization does not mean ICU. I do not have information on total hospital beds across the state, but 845 COVID patients is no where close to overwhelming hospital capacity in any sense.  We have not seen a spike in deaths as daily deaths are dropping so that means either 1) Hospitalization rate is dropping as fewer people diagnosed with COVID are hospitalized or 2) Hospitalization rate is flat or increase BUT people recover quickly and do not stay in the hospital very long.  All of the data from DHHS is positive. There is nothing in the data that shows concerning trends or potential outcomes.
This is why you need to look at both new cases and positive rates. Positive rates have been trending up since bottoming out in late-May (see data from Meck Health Department: https://www.mecknc.gov/news/PublishingImages/barchart3-June17.png), and this is combined with more testing.  People should be very concerned.
They are testing 100% of patients right now and they’re counting any positive tests as “covid hospitalizations” so people who’s are in for other things but either have a false positives or are asymptomatic are definitely inflating the numbers.   That doesn’t mean cases aren’t going up, just that the hospitalization metric is flawed too.
It is entirely likely that the inflated hospital numbers reflect people going to hospitals for procedures they missed out on for months, and testing positive even though they are asymptomatic. As with most of the rest of these 'numbers' being justification for drastic reactions....they are murky at best. In the hospital FOR covid isn't the same as in the hospital WITH covid.
We are not testing anywhere near enough. We should be testing on such a level where the percent positive is going steadily down to less than 1%. The fact that percent positive is holding steady at 7-10% suggests we failing to do what is necessary. If you look at the few countries that have successfully mitigated deaths and economic damage, testing, tracing and masks are key. Our response level is nowhere near the level where it needs to be.  Also, we are nowhere near close to reaching herd immunity that would bring down the R0. That is still a year away. And even once we reach herd immunity, the outbreak doesn’t necessarily collapse. It slowly tappers off. So, if herd immunity is reached at 60%, we can expect another 20-30% to get infected as the virus tapers off.   We are currently at about 8-10% infected in NC. That means we are about 1/8 of our way through the epidemic until it is over. And this assumes that immunity lasts a significant amount of time. If not, then there is potential for this to last the rest of our lives. That is pretty unlikely but it is a theoretical possibility.   Of course, the way out is a vaccine. It is not clear though if a vaccine will arrive sooner than reaching herd immunity naturally.
It’s really fucking disgusting. I worked in the Matthews area and downtown area was crowded with people eating and congregating outside. On one street along by the cigar lounge and eateries I saw about 40-50 people not one person was wearing a mask. A gotdamn shame.
I was at Circle-K this morning.  And the only person I saw wearing a mask was me.
I wear a mask anytime I’m in an indoor space with others—grocery, drug store, Home Depot, etc. I think it’s a good idea to do so at work too. If some wise ass was to say to me, hey you look stupid with that mask on, my reply would be, well, that’s the difference between you and me—I *look* stupid, but you *are* stupid.
You're not alone! I feel the same way but keep doing the right thing!
The issue is hospitalizations are up too, so having room in the hospital when people need it is about to become a problem...
Considering Australia was able to reopen with no COVID-19 cases shows that a complete shutdown would have resulted in less Coronavirus cases.
I have also heard that the CVS tests only report positive cases and not the number of tests. If true, that could probably explain a lot of the jump in % positive.
If you look at NCDHHS's "About the Data" page, it literally says  > NCDHHS surveys hospitals across North Carolina daily to monitor their current hospitalizations **due to COVID-19** and their current capacity. (emphasis added)  The data on hospitalizations is strictly patients admitted with respiratory illness and a positive COVID-19 test. I can find no evidence that they are counting asymptomatic patients.
Being hospitalized while having Covid and being hospitalized for COVID amount to the same thing: a hospital bed taken. And when we run out of hospital beds, that’s when things start getting ugly.
I don't see your point. If you report to the hospital for a non COVID reason, and you test positive for COVID despite being asymptomatic, they'll send you home since you don't need a bed and you won't count toward "hospitalizations". I also never said that these data points were justification for "drastic reactions".
Obviously we want the rate down as much as possible, but there are practical limits here and there’s also a demand limit for how many tests can be performed in a day (unless you want to start forcibly jamming swabs in noses). Once tests are readily available and processed in a reasonable amount of time, you’ve done your job in terms of scaling up testing.  Herd immunity is actually far more complicated than what your post implies. For one thing, vaccine-derived herd immunity (Kermack-McKendrick model) is great for a randomly distributed vaccine back-of-envelope calculation but starts to fall apart when you want to consider a naturally reached “smart” herd immunity where the nodes most likely to transmit are also the most likely to become infected. Previous outbreaks burned out at far lower disease prevalences than what is expected based on the standard model. Frankly, we don’t know where the limit is but it’s likely far lower than what the standard models calls for.  Furthermore, seroprevalence testing is starting to develop some serious issues. We are now seeing that mild and asymptomatic infections are possibly being resolved through cellular immunity and antibodies are not produced or produced in low numbers, possibly making the survey vast underestimates. We have good reason to suspect this, we just don’t know the magnitude.  Realistically, NYC might represent the worst case in terms of detectable prevalence with some good overshoot thrown in.  And with regard to long-term cellular immunity, our best model is SARS1, which has shown immunity to go for a decade or longer. No guarantee of course, but that’s where our best guess is.
My dog fractured his pelvis the other day. We took him to the animal hospital.  They wouldn't let us into the building with my dog, who at the time was bleeding from his rectum and we were worried it might be something really bad. But right across the street was a bar packed full of people.    My girlfriend and I went out with another couple for the first time since this whole thing started. We just went to sycamore thinking it is really open and we would just sit away from everyone, which we were able to do that, but to get a beer people were stacked on top of each other with no regards. I won't be going back there anytime soon.   Needless to say I'm kind of upset with how people are handeling this. I mean we shouldnt shut down, that just isn't viable, but people need to at least be smart about it.
Most people going to a cigar lounge already have the "IDGAF about anyone but myself" attitude so I'm not really surprised there
Went to get some takeout at a restaurant yesterday for father's day, I was the only one there with a mask other than restaurant employee's. On top of that I got a lot of looks from customer's for wearing a mask, like I was the moron....
How did you see yourself?
I think he put us into phase 2 because he was already losing control. I think he knows if he tried it would just be ignored by most of the local officials and nothing would be enforced.
Ha, ha, ha. Don’t be naive. The majority of people who choose to not wear a mask do so to make a political statement, and Cooper does not drive that at all. It’s dishonest to try to lay that at Cooper’s feet.
I wear it outdoors too, just to keep the visibility of "there's a guy wearing a mask" up. I know it's probably not necessary, but the more people see others NOT wearing a mask, the less pressure they will feel to wear one indoors.  > I look stupid, but you are stupid  This is great 😄 I literally DGAF how dumb I look with my mask. I wear gloves in the grocery store too. I'll even throw on a big jacket for extra protection if I feel like it. It's giving me a lot of "old person not looking to impress anyone and not giving a shit what they look like" energy for a 33-year-old.
They would stop elective medical procedures first and start setting up more beds. Thats when we know that hospital beds are looking short.  Those steps arent being taken though. In jeff jacksons latest post he noted that it is unclear if those hospitalization numbers reflect the number of patients in hospitals with covid or the number of patients being treated for covid. So we dont even know what that hospitalization number means
Sorry, if you show up to the hospital for a non covid reason, test positive because they are testing everyone, I don't see why you'll be sent home if you still need to be in the hospital for a non covid issue?  I think ops point, and something I saw Sen. Jackson mention yesterday, is more people are going to the hospital for other issues they have held off going for.   And those who remain in the hospital for that reason, who test positive,may still be counted as a covid patient, even if covid is not the reason they are in the hospital.   Sorry if that doesn't make sense.
I think what he is saying (and we need more proof of this) is: say you went in for appendicitis and happened to test positive but had no other symptoms. You would count as a covid-19 hospitalization.
On the immunity question, there are still too many unknowns. It is a stretch to assume decade-long immunity. That is a low probability scenario, based on the epidemiologists I’ve heard. More likely is 1-2 years. Antibody testing also may be picking up other coronaviruses like the common cold.  So, these tests may over estimate the number of infected people because of a large number of false positives. I agree, however, that my post was simplistic on the herd immunity question. There are a lot of unknowns about how it could play out. The scenario I put forth is a best guess with relatively low confidence.   However, on the testing question, I would strongly disagree. Our economy is losing trillions of dollars in lost productivity. Massive testing and contact tracing would essentially mitigate most of the economic damage by keeping the virus under control while allowing people to get back to a mostly normal life.   When you think about what’s at stake,  we need to massively ramp up testing and tracing. The tracing part is key. We don’t want to test people randomly. We want to test anyone who has come in contact with an infected person. The only way to pragmatically do that is with an app. With an app, you could significantly cast a wider net to identity people who should get tested.   That is exactly what countries like South Korea has been doing. If they can do it, there’s no reason why we can’t do it.
Good on you on the mask. The gloves are likely not doing you any good though. As soon as you touch anything that goes with you—glasses, wallet, keys, credit card, phone—you may as well not be wearing them.
Same, I’m wearing masks outside to normalize it
> They would stop elective medical procedures first and start setting up more beds.  they already did that
Your comment raises a few questions:  1. If a person is going to the hospital for something they've put off, like an elective surgery, they would certainly be turned away if they have COVID asymptomatically. 2. If you're admitted with an emergency and test positive for COVID, then you would certainly be reported as a positive test, but the language on NCDHHS's website suggests you wouldn't be a COVID hospitalization:  >NCDHHS surveys hospitals across North Carolina daily to monitor their current hospitalizations **due to COVID-19** and their current capacity. (emphasis added)  I think we need clarification on what "due to COVID-19" means to answer the question.
I see what you're saying, but in this example an appendectomy is almost always outpatient, and you would not be taking up a bed and would not be reported under the CLI surveillance program.   I think the language on the website makes it clear:  > NCDHHS surveys hospitals across North Carolina daily to monitor their current hospitalizations **due to COVID-19** and their current capacity. (emphasis added)   You would be reported as a positive COVID test, but it doesn't look like you'd be reported as a COVID hospitalization.
did you not see what happened in WI or MI?
Yeah, I've started to come to that conclusion recently too... Plus, wearing gloves makes me more confident to touch things (door handles, railings) that I wouldn't normally touch. I think I'll stop and just go back to washing my hands after any contact like that.
And then they undid that and let things resume
My example is probably not the best, but over counting is a concern that Jeff Jackson talked about in his last update here:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/hdr0do/update\_heres\_the\_situation\_with\_covid\_in\_nc\_sen/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/hdr0do/update_heres_the_situation_with_covid_in_nc_sen/)  So it may be happening and they are looking into it at the policy level.

Covid-19 over played?

That’s a false choice. COVID is a serious threat, specifically to elderly and vulnerable, but there isn’t a magic bullet coming to stop it so our only choice is to progress slowly back towards normal while keeping an eye on hospitalizations to make sure we don’t overwhelm the medical systems.
Your question is poorly worded and filled with bias. However, I'll bite.  As an "essential" employee who hasn't really had a major modification to my "day-to-day", I could give a flying damn about anyone's patience.  The simple fact is that this is the PERFECT virus to cripple America. Why? Because proper preventive measures require:  1. People unified in their response 2. People working towards the same goal 3. People generally giving a damn 4. Common sense  None of these things are currently present in the United States right now. You've got Karens out there flipping their shit and burning their masks. Meatheads flipping their roid rage on because they can't go to the gym. People turning this into a political issue, when it's an issue of public well being and safety.  Know why other nations are almost done with this mess? Because they stayed home, they wore masks, they washed their hands and they didn't FIGHT IT. But no, here in 'Merica, we've got to fight the power, because masks make you a sheep and they're coming to take yer guns and jobs and everything is UNCONSTITUTIONAL. Because yeah, the Founding Fathers didn't plan for a global pandemic when writing the Bill of Rights.  As a lowly fast food manager who hasn't had a day off since this pandemic started, who is constantly worried about catching this thing from one of the many droves of non-mask-wearing, it's-just-the-flu morons that come into my location on a daily..... just put on the fucking mask, and shut up.  This is a serious virus that affects everyone differently, and is highly communicable. If you want things to go "back to normal", buckle up, cause it's not. If you want things to OPEN UP though, stand in the line, social distance, wear the mask, and stop fucking complaining about everything.
You created an account to ask this stupid fucking question?
It's still too soon to know long term effects of the virus. There are so many unknowns still with the virus, it's better to be cautious. A lot of people aren't living their lives any differently, can you imagine if the media underplayed the virus?
10 days ago I would have said it’s over blown.   Since last Monday though 12 people I actually know and use to interact with on a regular basis tested positive.   All under 45.   I’m on the fence.    Waiting to see how their cases resolve.
How can we jump back into life when the numbers haven't improved and many people are refusing to wear masks?  People are not taking this seriously and that's bad news for now AND when there's a second wave in the fall.
Its 100% a threat but at the same time its overplayed and our reaction is an overreaction thats doing more harm then good.  For the elderly and vulnerable the odds of death are very real. I'm young so I got a 1% chance of dying and most likely will show no symptoms. I'm flying home to my parents for my birthday and the thought of giving it to them is terrifying.   The anti-science anti-mask bullshit is far far worse than anti-vax imo. However I don't 100% blame them since 4 months after this all started it is still hard to find proper n94 masks at reasonable prices. You'd think that ideally stores would just have free masks outside for patreons to wear and make it mandatory by law but thats just not how our supply chain was setup.  I think it's bad to close businesses again even if it means more people die. This is an unpopular opinion because life is important. However I think preserving the economy is equally as important. If people don't go to work to make stuff we will run out of stuff. Sure we can give people money for being unemployed but eventually that money will just buy out all the existing stuff without creating more new stuff.
> Who thinks this is still a serious threat vs who thinks this was way over played by the media?  Por que no los dos?   It's obviously serious, but the number of comparisons to the far, far worse Spanish Flu was ridiculous
More people are doing their own research and finding that the mortality rate is quickly dropping due to more testing.  Fatigue is also a big issue.  I am seeing less masks each day when I go out. I haven’t worn a mask since the ‘protests’ where the media said the protestors were fine, but people protesting the lockdown weren’t.  I will not support any business that has mandatory face mask.
> Meatheads flipping their roid rage on because they can't go to the gym  Yeah..... they're the ones having a problem with rage... Take a deep breath buddy.
Who isn't living their lives any differently? In order for this to be the case, you would have to have already been a hermit before this whole thing.
> but the number of comparisons to the far, far worse Spanish Flu was ridiculous  In sheer numbers?  Sure, it's ridiculous.  In terms of percentages it's spot on.    Globally, estimates on morbidity for the 1918 H1N1 outbreak were between 3.4 and 10%, current morbidity based on actual numbers (not estimates) for COVID-19 is about 5.1% and the number is likely higher due to the lack of testing.  The US is actually tracking slightly higher than the rest of world (which has seen a huge decrease in both daily infections and deaths VS. our spiking numbers).    The global estimate for H1N1 cases was around 500m, but keep in mind that pandemic started in spring 1918 and lasted through 4 waves into spring of 1920.  Current cases of COVID-19 are just shy of 10m and remember that uncontrolled spread is exponential, so getting to 500m is a matter of a few weeks to a couple months if we're not careful.
No you didn't.  If you wanted genuine feedback you wouldn't color your question with terms like over-played and worn thin.    You would have asked "What is your opinion on the media's handling of this" or "How do you feel about the (city/county/state/country's) response to this".    You came here to stir shit.
You won’t get a response from “real people” here. Reddit is fairly closed off as far as variance in opinions go.
You're thinking the wrong way - they're referring to people who *aren't* taking this seriously who may have had to work through the whole thing - the people who are roaming target, walmart, HT and Publix without masks, who act like this is a hoax.
I just laugh when everyone starts trying to be inspirational about "living in fear."  It's being cautious based on unknowns surrounding a novel virus.  People always say "we just need more common sense," but people are going to do whatever they want unless you force them to.  Wear masks, close bars, etc. simply because of the people who take advantage of their freedoms instead of being cautious and considerate.
I honestly have no clue.   Some of them were very deliberate in their social distancing and others were pretty care free.    I think the few months we were home flattened the curve.  My fear is that this may be the way forward.   Lockdown gradual opening, lockdown, gradual opening.   Seeing some of the reports out of Texas about the issues they are having around daycare centers also concerns me, and leads me to believe that school in the fall may be more of the remote learning.
Staying at home was never about killing out the disease.  That's impossible without a vaccine.  It was about keeping the hospitals from being overwhelmed.   Now, scientists are starting to see how dangerous the virus can be, even for previously healthy individuals.  Unfortunately, we don't really know the long-term health impact it will have on those who have recovered, but if you've read any accounts of covid survivors, you'll see the immediate aftermath is not pretty unless the case was very mild or asymptomatic.  Even then, it's not clear what the long-term effects will be.  I take it very seriously because of the unknowns.
[You aren't just a moron, you're a *fucking* moron.](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/usa/north-carolina/)
The mortality can’t be higher due to lack of testing. Do you know how stats work? Mortality decreases as we do more testing bc we find more cases of younger people who don’t die (or even show symptoms).   This is not as bad as Spanish flu which killed off roughly 5% of the world population. I’m okay w taking this seriously but people who don’t understand how to make comparisons or interpret statistics needs to lay off the hyperbole.
> Globally, estimates on morbidity for the 1918 H1N1 outbreak were between 3.4 and 10%,  current morbidity based on actual numbers (not estimates) for COVID-19 is about 5.1%  You're using estimates for the Spanish Flu and actual numbers for COVID, which is comparing apples to oranges. You should be using the estimated for both or the actual for both. Estimates for COVID have been as low as .26% or as high as around 1%, with a "best estimate" at around .4%.  > The global estimate for H1N1 cases was around 500m,  Global estimates for these deaths range from 17 million to 50 million, in a world with under 2 billion people in it. We currently have just under 8 billion, so it would need to hit, bare minimum, 68 million deaths to hit that low estimate. Even our highest estimates don't even break 1 million so far, and there is no reason to think we will even get close to that number.
Good thing I live in SC now, isn’t it.
> I just laugh when everyone starts trying to be inspirational about "living in fear."   I like to tell the "I'm not living in fear" crowd to be sure to ask their dentist and Dr. to not wear a mask before any procedures...
>Global estimates for these deaths range from 17 million to 50 million, in a world with under 2 billion people in it.  You're a moron.  You can't compare the number of deaths to the number of people.  That's as disingenuous as saying only 19 people have died in space flight so that makes it really safe!  You can't die on a rocket if you've never ridden one... and you don't know for sure you may not ever be in one.    >You're using estimates for the Spanish Flu and actual numbers for COVID, which is comparing apples to oranges. You should be using the estimated for both or the actual for both.  Estimates for COVID have been as low as .26% or as high as around 1%, with a "best estimate" at around .4%.  First, we only have estimates for H1N1 - records, testing, and information weren't shared 100 years ago like they are today; *we don't know for sure* how many peopled died from H1N1 in 1918~1920.    Second, we can *ONLY* compare actual numbers for COVID because *it's not over*.  You don't know how many people may currently have it and not yet be diagnosed.  You don't know how many people currently with it may die, or how many may still get it and recover or die.  If there's not a safe vaccine developed and this goes on for 2, 3, or more years, then what?  This isn't seasonal flu, it's not going to wane on it's own, and if anything will get much, much worse if we don't contain the current flare-ups.  We're not even out of the 1st wave and we're already talking about a 2nd wave.   Third, you're comparing confirmed deaths to estimated cases with your .26 to 1%, and again, that's incredibly disingenuous (like the idiots saying "there's a 99.9 percent survival rate!"  Just like my spaceflight example, you can't die from a disease you haven't had, and again just like that example you don't know if/when you might get it).  That's not how statistics and probability work in real life.    In response to /u/belovedkid and tying into the previous paragraph: we don't have good numbers of deaths and cases in China and Russia (and other secretive/secluded countries like N. Korea, Libya, et. al) and anything we do get out of those places is going to be altered to make things look better than they are.  While Russia has socialized healthcare it's not great, so their morbidity rate is likely to be higher than the global average (as ours will be with our terrible private insurance-based system), so the morbidity rate we're currently seeing of 5.1% is likely *higher* due to these hidden figures.  The "guestimate" based on the best numbers the WHO and CDC can come up with as a "final" morbidity rate is somewhere from 1.6 to 3.5%  ...and circling back around to the rocket example - there have been about 560 trained astro/cosmonauts.  With 19 killed that puts their morbidity around 3.4%.  So *if* you end up with COVID you have *about* the same chance of dying from it, as an Astronaut has of dying in flight.
I’m a moron???? The swine flu in the US alone adjusted for population would have killed around 2 million people. At the current pace COVID will need to be around for 3-4 years. This isn’t even adjusting for variances in mortality by demographics.   The entire nation isn’t built of 60+ year old immunocompromised people. Learn ya maths bruh bruh.

How Can I Properly Engage In The Community During This Covid-19 Pandemic?
I recently posted a question yesterday that was pointed out to me to be very poorly worded and biased. I wanted to correct that by deleting the previous question and apologize to anyone I upset unintentionally. I would like to try again.I recently moved here right in the beginning of this pandemic and am curious what your thoughts are on how I can engage in the Charlotte community? How can I do it to provide for my family and sustain my livelihood while also being respectful of everyone's safety?I moved from Arkansas so the rules are very very different there so I am lost and looking for some help. I am also brand new to Reddit and trying to learn the proper way to engage here as well. Thank you in advance for your time!
What type of engagement are you looking for? Business? Recreational?
Mostly business, I am in the final stages of getting licensed so I can start my real estate business. I want to help the most I can but also want to be respectful of others

U.S. Covid-19 New Cases by Day - Evolution of 15 States with more Daily Cases - 10 March to 23 June


How Charlotte is handling Covid-19
I live and work (normally, I'm WFH right now) in Uptown. Last night I decided to get some fresh air and took a walk around central Charlotte with a mask. Here's a list of things I saw:1. Valhalla was at ~80% capacity with zero masks on2. The Black Lives Matter mural while beautiful and very important had groups of people biking and doing stunts while hugging and greeting people as they arrived3. Multiple cash only food trucks were operating at normal levels4. Several great restaurants were gone for good, Queen City Q and American Burger Co are gone5. I'd estimate about 30% of people had masks, and even fewer pretended to care about social distancing, despite numerous signs telling them to do so6. The TROLLEY PUB WAS IN OPERATION. A service where you exercise, consume liquids and are within less than a foot of other people while not wearing a mask was just out on the street.In short, I'm new to Charlotte and in general love this city and its people. I was pretty quick to embrace it. After last night, I'm disappointed. When faced with a crisis we showed our true colors and it turns out we aren't responsible enough to do what we have to do. Be better. Show some responsibility. Prove that you deserve to be called the Queen City.
If you think that's bad head on down to South End.
I wish I was shocked. It’s so disturbing that people can’t take this seriously - it can come down to life and death and that’s still not enough for people to do the right thing.
Not at all surprised. Smh
That’s pretty disappointing to hear.
Thank you!! I saw some stories yesterday of breweries in South End (cough Sycamore cough) and I went into total shock. They knew what they were doing in hosting live music without significant capacity restrictions. No masks. No distancing.  South End’s demographic is disproportionately responsible for the spike in cases. There needs to be accountability.
So we all have to wear a mask to get into a bar and then don't have to wear it when eating and drinking.  It seems to make a lot of sense.
It’s so bad here. Have you seen Sycamore? Jesus christ that thing is more packed than before Covid.
This whole time I thought mediocre beer would be their downfall...now I’m wondering if someone is going to step in and shut them down.
>	South End’s demographic is disproportionately responsible for the spike in cases.   Do you have an actual source to back this claim up with or are you just pulling this out of your ass?
I live (for now, thankfully moving soon) in one of the apartment complexes by Sycamore. Seeing the crowd there is what inspired my comment.
Yeah, time for CMPD to stop harassing protestors and do their actual jobs. Some business needs to be made an example of. Texas is shutting down and/or suspending liquor licenses for bars that won’t observe rules.  Texas. And we can’t or won’t?
Its demographic is not necessarily its population. I don’t know of any studies done on Charlotte specifically but in most cities it has proven that way, and I highly doubt we’re the virtuous exception. Young people are not doing what they need to be doing more often than not and therefore are more likely to be carriers. The CDC and Anthony Fauci have been pretty vocal about this. This NY Times article sums it up pretty well, albeit they’re not a completely unbiased source but it echoes what I’ve seen from the raw literature: www.nytimes.com/2020/06/25/us/coronavirus-cases-young-people.amp.html

Covid-19 Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with More Cases – New Update untill 27 June

I skip to the end
Racing bar charts need to die

Coronavirus Updates
I know i can go to infection2020 for the stats but is there any news on if phase 3 is going to happen at the scheduled timing or any other places maybe opening early ?
Considering the pandemic is still going on and everyone is gathering in groups all over the country to protest I doubt it. I’m still waiting to see what happens over the next few weeks because the cases will skyrocket now. I wouldn’t be worried about when we go to phase 3 because we could end up back in phase 1 if it starts spreading again.
Considering thousands of people have been gathering in rallies the last week or so...why are we still not able to open up bars?
its so dumb...like day cares are open, which are known to be viral/bacterial breeding grounds. Then you have these protests of hundreds to thousands of people in a small area.....the Governor himself even marched with protestors definitely not following the six feet rule....  Meanwhile restaurants, bars, and gyms have to all remain closed. Those business owners are having a hell of a time and employees are struggling even more as some still arent getting UI. A gym for example no one is face to face, because we're all doing our own thing working out..... they also have numerous wipes/spray to clean equipment, if members choose to.  This Governor is dumb as hell. Im voting his ass out and others. The way the State has handled this COVID has been terrible. So many people that rightfully deserved UI and paid taxes into it got nothing, or are still waiting.
Ask the Governor, all we can do is guess.
Yeah considering the event of the last two weeks, the national pandemic strategy is now “herd immunity as fast as possible” whether we want it to be or not. Keeping bars and gyms closed while protesters are standing a few inches apart and yelling as loud as they can is kinda like having a patient come in with a bullet wound and the doctor decides to put a bandaid on a paper cut and call it good.
I read about Cooper vetoing the bill that would have opened them.  That's completely ridiculous to say it's safe for restaurant/bars and breweries to open, but not bars without food, even though they were going to be forced to keep customers outside which is also ridiculous, and then claim it's based on fucking science.  That one single action is kind of turning me off Cooper.  Go to a brewery, a restaurant/bar, you're going to see people congregating inside drinking, just like at a bar without food  that doesn't brew on site.  Apparently the defining characteristic between these places that makes bars too unsafe is the lack of a brewing or cooking operation, because the coronavirus *loves* those kinds of places and hangs out at them more often.
Thats one point i personally dont understand is the gym thing. With everything going on, i dont see an issue with gyms being opened at 50% capacity. Thats just my opinion.
I know NoDa brewing isn’t seating inside at all.  I haven’t really looked at other locations.
With how hilariously hypocritical the messaging on the pandemic has become in the last few days, I imagine a lot of politicians are going to be joining everyone else in the unemployment line come November.
Yet if they put a cook top inside it becomes perfectly safe for 50% capacity lol

Coronavirus Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with more Cases - From 1 March to 2 June


Coronavirus cases per 100k in Mecklenburg county

Are these active cases or cumulative? Active seems more relevant if we're focusing on the hospitals and their ability to provide care.
I would like to know the number of hospitalizations in Mecklenburg County
This graph shows the cumulative number of confirmed coronavirus cases per  100,000 residents. Here's the source: [https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/coronavirus-us-cases.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/coronavirus-us-cases.html)  If you have access to the active cases number, I would love to see them.

Fearing more coronavirus cases, Mecklenburg leaders push for face mask requirement

God, please do this. So fucking simple. And enforce the shit out of it private companies.
I really wish there had been a requirement all along
Here's a [study from the National Academy of Sciences:](https://www.pnas.org/content/early/2020/06/10/2009637117) "We conclude that wearing of face masks in public corresponds to the most effective means to prevent interhuman transmission."  Also, here's a [breakdown of countries that mandate masks](https://masks4all.co/what-countries-require-masks-in-public/).   At the very least, it should be mandatory in public transportation, which is the highest area of transmission outside the household, and in grocery and drug stores where vulnerable people have no choice but to visit.
Long, and I mean long, overdue.
I've seen hardly anyone wearing masks in the past few weeks. Seems like as soon as phase two started people thought the virus magically disappeared. You have to also think that a good majority of the public get their news from the tv, and the tv news has put covid aside for now to focus on the blm movement. I do support the cause, but it's just really unfortunate timing for these monumental events to take place together at the same time.
Good. 100% support it.
No mask, no service!
There should have been a requirement from the start.   Because people got impatient and selfish, I'm predicting our fall will be completely ruined because of this.
Are there any places enforcing masks?  It would be nice to go out occasionally and spend money, but every time I try it's 0% adoption other than the poor employees breathing everyone's rona.
The idea behind wearing a mask isn't to protect you from others, it's to protect others from you. It also assumes that enough people are asymptomatic carriers, or aren't smart enough to realize that they have symptoms and are unknowingly spreading Covid-19.  <Rorschach getting thrown in prison scene here>
Our President is basically mocking the use of masks, so thousands and thousands are following suit. Until that changes which it won't, I have a very tough time seeing this happening.  This thing has turned so disgusting political at this point. The one thing Trump has said over and over during his time in office is actually true applies to all of this... "sad".
Goddamn South End. Literally only workers are wearing masks, good for them and the businesses. everyone else is acting like a skullfucked moron.
[Some more of the Oberserver’s “free” coronavirus reporting.](https://i.imgur.com/A9RPp5z.jpg)  Here’s the Outline link: https://outline.com/AAXkqq
I recently moved from Charlotte to Philly, still lurk here from time to time. Here you are absolutely required to have a mask, otherwise you won't get service or can't even enter the business.
“We know that wearing a mask outside health care facilities offers little, if any, protection from infection. Public health authorities define a significant exposure to Covid-19 as face-to-face contact within 6 feet with a patient with symptomatic Covid-19 that is sustained for at least a few minutes (and some say more than 10 minutes or even 30 minutes). The chance of catching Covid-19 from a passing interaction in a public space is therefore minimal. In many cases, the desire for widespread masking is a reflexive reaction to anxiety over the pandemic.”  “Expanded masking protocols’ greatest contribution may be to reduce the transmission of anxiety, over and above whatever role they may play in reducing transmission of Covid-19.”  https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2006372  From the Department of Population Medicine, Harvard Medical School and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute (M.K.), Brigham and Women’s Hospital (M.K., C.A.M., J.S., M.P.), Harvard Medical School (M.K., C.A.M., E.S.S.), and the Infection Control Unit and Division of Infectious Diseases, Massachusetts General Hospital (E.S.S.) — all in Boston.
If there's one thing I love it's creating precedent for expanding the powers of the government!
I really don’t see what difference this would make. Most indoor business where using a mask is practical already seem to require it. I guess an order can be somewhat useful if it’s tailored to specific circumstances like grocery stores. But I’m worried leaders decide to go with a blanket “in public” order even when outdoors and away from people, which I think most people will just ignore because of how unreasonable it is.
Private businesses won’t since some mangers bow down to the dumbass customers
It also no coincidence that these events are occuring at the same time. We should expect to see COVID and economic hardship continue to exacerbate inequality and cause social unrest. Meanwhile, as Trump and the Republicans fall in the polls, they will turn to more desperate, authoritarian, anti-democratic means of suppressing votes.  We are entering into perfect storm of converging factors. It is likely that BLM will morph into wider protest and unrest. Our only hope is that enough Republicans defect and work with Democrats to restore science, civility and democracy to our country.  It is certainly no coincidence that the top five, worst hit countries are run by populist, authoritarian leaders: US, Brazil, UK, India and Russia.
The post office on South Blvd requires it, not sure if it’s enforced, everyone had on a mask when I went in.
NoDa Company Store is a real good option. You are not allowed inside w/o a mask.
While it is true that our idiot-in-chief is not helping the situation, it is also true that many Democrat leaders in many urban areas around the country seem to be reluctant to mandate masks.   It is almost as if they are afraid to exercise power. They are afraid of rebellion, not being able to enforce or perhaps, fueling a policitized, culture war. I can think of no other explanation, since the science is pretty clear. Masks would save lives and the economy.
This! It's a tone at the top. Cooper can mandate whatever he wants or the city, it won't matter.
My apt pool looked like Las Vegas last weekend!!  Also I feel like part of the problem is no one here is enforcing it because they’re afraid of pissing odd their customer base. I am so excited for the possibility of requiring masks!
Philly is actually a lot more dense though with an exceptionally higher proportion of people using public transit. Public transit seemed to be one of the major causes of the NYC outbreak. My company has offices north of Chicago and also downtown, and while they are starting a very small phased reopening at the suburb location, sounds like it will be a while before the downtown office reopens.  Not necessarily an argument against mandating it here, but not quite an apples to apples compare. Still interesting data point.
First, the link you sent is to an opinion piece, not a study. Nowhere in the article does it reference a study. Here's another study on masks, among others that recently came out: https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/widespread-mask-wearing-could-prevent-covid-19-second-waves-study-says/2020/06/12/2656d51a-abe2-11ea-9063-e69bd6520940_story.html.  Also, the op-ed comments about the effectiveness of masks in contracting the virus, not transmitting. In other words, it assumes that the person who is infected is not wearing a mask, as is often the case in a hospital setting. This is very different than in a situation where both infected and potential recipient are wearing masks. It even says that in your article: "More compelling is the possibility that wearing a mask may reduce the likelihood of transmission from asymptomatic and minimally symptomatic health care workers with Covid-19 to other providers and patients."  The other misinterpretation about the article is that it is from the perspective of protecting individual health care workers. It does not talk about mask wearing's ability to reduce the R0, the overall rate of transmission within a population. It actually mentions that in the quote above in passing, but it's not the central point of the article.   Lastly, there is a hint of bias in the article that tries to convince health care workers not to use up precious N95s that are in short supply. Quite frankly, I'm suspicious everytime I hear that. The medical industrial complex has financial incentives to keep health care workers on the job in high risk situations without proper PPE. If health care workers were fully informed of the risks, many of them would just walk off the job without having proper N95s.  If you look at Asian countries, wearing masks is universally accepted not just by the general population but also by experts in places like South Korea, which arguably has done the best job of any country in controlling the virus. Both the South Korean and Chinese governments actually supply N95s to citizens.   The only thing I would concede is that the evidence is not at a level where we have absolute proof that wearing non-N95s are significantly effective. The preponderance of evidence suggests masks are significantly effective, not a panacea but a significant tool in our arsenal. And there are many studies coming out that airborne transmission is more common than through surfaces, and that asymptomatic spread is responsible for the lion's share of transmission. The confluence of these factors suggests we should use masks as a primary risk mitigation strategy.
I don't think it is really an expansion of powers. The government already prohibits a number of activities that threaten public health like smoking indoors, drunk driving, etc. Drunk driving kills 10k per year, whereas COVID-19 has killed 120k in just a few months. And it is also causing trillions of dollars worth of damage.  To put things into perspective, COVID-19 is the most significant crisis of our lifetime that will have ripple effects far beyond the disease itself. Wearing a mask seems like a pretty small sacrifice relative to potential harm.  That is exactly what government should be about, is protecting the public good, rather than special interests. This is the kind of precedent I welcome, the government actually doing some that is in everyone's interest rather than a select few.
Wearing a mask may be perceived as unreasonable for some westerners, but how much longer will hold outs accept ongoing spread of the SARS-2 virus and resulting COVID19 disease impacting or potentially impacting relatives and friends (older and younger)?   If COVID19 hits closer to home, people may view masks as much more reasonable, e.g., many Europeans to varying degrees quickly adapted. Not on par with Taiwan, Singapore or South Korea where masks are cultural norms to limit spreading colds, limit exposure to pollution or smoke from burned vegetation, etc, but will westerners continue to accept the possibility of COVID19 infection for several months or more until effective treatments ideally become available, maybe years if ever when safe, effective vaccines may become available (or never, a la no effective vaccines a few decades since HIV and SARS1 initially spread)?   At this stage, views on wearing masks in public remain dynamic. Consequently, reasonable or unreasonable use of masks to limit spread may change for some people. Time will tell.
I’m hopeful that at a minimum it will have a chilling effect on idea that corona is “over” and it’s okay to gather and party in groups again
Clearly, as this exchange shows, there is room for debate just like in the early days of the pandemic.   Just like it can be argued that we should not have locked everyone down based on what we know now, people should be given some choice on whether they find it necessary to wear masks based on the evidence.   Individual business should be able to make their own policies regarding masks, but a statewide mandate is absurd when the jury is still out.   Yesterday, a group of scientists challenged the methodology of a study which claims masks significantly reduces spread.  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/18/health/coronavirus-retractions-studies.html  Another issue is this fanatical focus on a mitigation action that is less important than hand washing and keeping distance.   “Masks and protective eye coverings may also add protective benefits, though the evidence for that was less clear cut, they added.”  “Derek Chu, an assistant professor at McMaster University who co-led the work, said people should understand that "wearing a mask is not an alternative to physical distancing, eye protection or basic measures such as hand hygiene."  https://mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN2383T6  I think we should be cautious before declaring the science is settled.
Well, we agree that the science isn’t settled, but absence of proof does not equate to proof of absence. Unlike giving people an unproven drug, there is little risk to wearing a mask. So, if the weight of the evidence points to wearing a mask, why not just do it?  Of course, hand washing and social distancing are also important. We need to block all avenues of transmissions and use multiple methods. However, there are many situations where people are forced into situations where they can’t socially distance, like in a grocery store. Everybody needs food. I have yet to be in a grocery store where people don’t come within 6 feet at some point. So, wearing mask seems like a good practice in these kinds of settings.   And I don’t think people should have a choice in these settings. People have a right to shop for food in a safe manner. So, we need to do everything we can to err on the side of safety in these environments.   Lastly, ideally, we should all be wearing N95 masks. That is another fiasco in our response to this virus. N95s are significantly more effective, and manufacturing these masks is not rocket science. If we had ramped up domestic production rather than relying on the Chinese, we would have another tool for mitigation at a relatively cheap cost.   The only reason people have become fanatical is that the issue has been politicized by our idiot-in-chief. In most countries, mask wearing is not a controversial, touchy subject. It’s just something people do out of respect for others. Our society is so divided that we will politicize the most absurd issues like mask wearing.
Individual businesses could and have set their own policies regarding masks. If people don’t feel safe, they can go to another store. Costco requires masks for example and people who are convinced that masks are necessary can shop for their food there.   If people agree with the argument you made, they can choose to wear a mask. If not, they can choose not to unless required to do so by a private business.   I don’t think government has the right to make law in this manner, if the evidence isn’t fully settled.  Allowing them do so, gives them too much power, which they can abuse for other means. The burden is on them to prove that masks are necessary, just like it should be on them to prove marijuana is a public health hazard or for any other arbitrary law they create.   The problems we have with policing is a result of too many laws. Why add another arbitrary law? Then you may have incidents where police may be forced to unnecessarily engage someone just because they didn’t wear a mask? I saw some examples from NYC and clearly its not worth it.   If society respected the preferences of individuals and businesses, then the world would be a better place.
I think you raise some valid points. We do have too many laws and don't want more reasons for the police to engage people. However, I don't think it is sound reasoning to require absolute proof of masks' effectiveness. We are in an urgent crisis, and there is little cost or harm to wearing masks. There is already sufficient evidence.  As far as the theory that people can choose businesses that require masks, that is a standard (right) libertarian argument but I think it falls short in this case. The impact of wearing masks goes far beyond the boundaries of the store and it's shoppers. Each person who gets infected, goes on to infect more people, who go on to infect more people, resulting in a tree of spread not only across the local community but even the country and the world, as people travel.  Individual freedom is great but not at the expense of killing people. This pandemic has made me reevaluate many things. I think people should be forced to get flu shot every year, because failure to do so kills people unnecessarily. A lot more people die of the flu every year than second hand smoke. If we had a to do trade, it would be better to force people to get a flu vaccine and let them smoke in restaurants.  Absolute freedom does not exist. We need to make tradeoffs where it makes the most sense.  Lastly, I would say that it would be far better to live in a society where people automatically behaved for the benefit of the common good and wore masks without government orders. That is really the heart of what libertarianism and anarchism is all about. However, we live in a police state where people are used to following orders and also consequently oblivious to the common good. If we want to work our way out of the police state mentality, that would be great, but I don't think mask wearing is the right place to start, given the urgency of the crisis. Mask wearing is completely consistent with the zillions of other restrictions imposed on us everyday. It just feels different. There are plenty of better places to start dismantling the police state, like legalizing drugs, prostitution, gambling, etc., where the impact to society is actually somewhat minimal. You do far more harm to the common good through carbon emissions than taking drugs. In the case of climate change, you are threatening the species with ultimate extinction. So, the right to drive a gas guzzler is not worth species extinction. Freedoms have to be weighed against the cost. Right now, COVID is not only costing many lives but trillions of dollars, resulting in depression-era economic collapse. Masks are a no brainer.

Coronavirus Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with more Cases - From 1 March to 16 June


Anybody else feel an impending sense of doom? The entire South is a coronavirus hot spot. And this time, it seems nothing's going to stop it.

It was downhill the moment it turned into a political issue rather than a common sense issue.
My father works in one of the main hospitals here in Charlotte as a respiratory therapist. I’ve never seen him more stressed, stay safe guys.
I think "corona fatigue" is hitting everyone.   My fiance and I are still going strong, but almost all my friends have completely given up on trying to stay safe. They just don't care. It's a mental fatigue, and most Americans have it.   If we had a unified, non-political response to this from the top of the government, we would have not come to this fatigue level while rates are still skyrocketing.  Instead we have people who trust politicians over medical experts. These people are textbook idiots.
An old man was so upset by my wearing a mask in the grocery store that he just yelled profanity as I walked by. I was wearing it for his safety and he got angry at me.
Nobody seems to care until they lose a loved one to this disease. It's fucking sad and frustrating.
I'm definitely worried, just not too overly worried to the point it's the only thing I think about.
FWIW, if you look at all the graphs in that story, you can see that even though the number of reported cases is surging up again (32k new cases on Friday vs only around 18k at the beginning of June and a peak of 36k new cases on the April 24), if you look at the chart of reported deaths, it's trended steadily downward since mid-April.   The number of reported cases really is something of a false signal; the reality is that for many people the virus really is just a particularly bad flu. The data point I'd be interested in, besides deaths, is hospitalisations. (In a way you could think of there being two separate viruses, one that you just have to tough out, and one that puts you in the hospital and can kill you.)  I know North Carolina has been trending steadily up in terms of hospitalisations, and that's definitely not good. I haven't seen comprehensive numbers.  Anyway, I'm still wearing a mask when I go out and would ask other people to do so, just out of simple courtesy for others. I don't understand why that's so difficult or how people got so selfish.
While the political divisions have certainly not helped, the reality was this was going to happen. Good will and doing the right thing is over, people want to get on with their lives and do stuff, not live fear sheltered in place for the foreseeable future. Even in states that had stronger rules in place have been hit with a populace that don't care anymore, like California.  So yea OP, expect those Corona numbers to keep going up for the foreseeable future.
Yes absolutely! I’ve been making sure we keep a steady stock of supplies just for when all hell breaks loose.
Open the state. I’ve given up on trying to stop it. The sooner everyone gets it, the better. Those that want to go out, will and those that don’t, don’t have to.
All you can do is be prepared. Take the precautions you can and let it go. It will get worse. Many will die. The economy will continue to get hit. We may not survive. This is all out of our hands. Make your peace and live your life.
First off if you use common sense you shouldn't have a problem but more importantly  don't believe anything that the MSM is saying, especially the NYtimes
Of course, we don’t want politics distorting science and facts. But how we choose to react to the virus is inherently political.  We have a stark political choice. Either we can pull together as a society and look out for one another, or say fuck everyone, it’s survival of the fittest.  Ultimately, that is what it comes down to. You either believe in social responsibility or you believe in individualism. Social responsibility involves protecting the elderly by wearing masks, bringing them food, creating a social safety net for those who can’t work, prioritizing basic necessities like food over consumerism. Individualism involves stockpiling weapons, going out to a bar because you are young and healthy and could care less if your behavior ultimately kills a bunch of forgotten elderly in a nursing home.  I can’t think of anything more political than the situation we are in. Quite frankly, we are teetering on the edge of social chaos. My hope is that as the virus ramps up and hits close to home, people will eventually realize that each of us shares a burden to control this thing. If not, then we could see serious unrest that will make the situation far worse.
So, November 2016?
Thanks for sharing. I really wish there was a way to get good, hard information to understand what is going on. I've heard so many mixed messages from people on the situations at hospitals, just recently heard from someone about how most of the hospitals are empty.  We live in the era of #fakenews. :(
The wife and I are in the same boat. Still getting takeout from our regular Friday night place, and they keep asking when we’re coming back. Stock answer is when this is all over, period. Zero distancing in there, no masks, and no way that place is onmy at 50% capacity.  Even some of my more reasonable-ish friends are like, wanna go to WWC? We’ll stay distanced. And I’m like, you’re insane. Yes, we all have cabin fever. Find a hobby. We should collectively be in a war-time mindset of sacrifice and resolve for the common good, but no, we’re all going to die anyway, so YOLO ammirite?? Ugh. Tangent.  Stay strong and sane.
Neighbors starting to do parties again and more people in bars. People have had enough, for better or worse. If we go into lockdown again, the same process will start all over again. Kind of pointless to stay in and not get tested, which should have been mandatory from the start.
It’s not just fatigue and I’m not sure how a “unified approach” would prevent the fatigue you suggest.   The virus isn’t as deadly as originally thought. Deaths are going down (cited in the article).  Testing capacity has significantly risen so of course we’re going to see a rise in cases, as expected.  Hospitals/ventilators are no where near max capacity now.  Therapeutics are being discovered all the time that lessen the impact of Covid.   A lot of people always ignored the advice from the medical experts AND politicians so I don’t really disagree there are a bunch of idiots out there.   We can’t listen to only medically experts - they’re only one piece of the puzzle when setting public policy. Medical experts and common sense would tell us there’s a risk to dying from car crashes yet we still have cars. There’s a massive “cost” to not having cars and there’s a massive “cost” to keeping the economy closed.
Thank you, FOX News
Another good reason not to enter grocery stores. Not just increasing potential opportunities for infection, but an increased chance to inconveniently interact with or be exposed to ignorant shoppers.
Should have just took it off and started coughing near him to see what his reaction would be
It’s interesting how time of day showcases change of attitude. I shop in the morning. Usually older people and everyone is masked and most even have gloves. You shop on a Friday afternoon and it’s like business as normal. Or where you shop. Home Depot is like a super spreader event I’ve stopped going. Lowe’s though the staff is ppe prepred and the customer base is at least >50% paying attention.   At my retail shop we’re going to start taking notes. Some days everyone seems to have a strong mindfulness on safety, others we have to ask them to please wear gloves before handling products. Definitely a flux of attitudes.
Is it corona that’s actually killing most people or underlying conditions
At this point there is no cohesive federal or state response.  We have literally been abandoned to deal with this ourselves.  All you can do is wear a mask and wash your hands and hope for the best.
> I know North Carolina has been trending steadily up in terms of hospitalisations, and that's definitely not good. I haven't seen comprehensive numbers.  Here ya go: https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241168731.html  Scroll down to the chart and click "7 day average hospitalizations"
No, number of cases is not a false signal.  Reported deaths lag cases by 2-4 weeks.  The original hot spots in NY, NJ, MA, CT, MI, IL, etc. have conquered the virus.  Since they had such a large number of hospitalizations and deaths, as they control the virus, those overall number continue to shrink.  We will likely see deaths rise again as the outbreaks in the South, Southwest, and Midwest start to worsen.
The upsetting thing is I could get on with my life, start doing things, and start seeing friends again if the people who have been going out and ignoring social distancing this whole time would also take precautions.  I'd definitely love to go sit down at a restaurant, have a bite to eat and a few beers, watch some golf on TV, and enjoy my day. However, every restaurant, brewery, bar, etc., is slammed with people not social distancing and not wearing masks.  There's a middle ground to be found here and it's not the people staying at home who are refusing to find it.
hopefully reading a few posts on this sub will change your mind: r/COVID19positive  It’s taking people months to recover.
>those that don’t, don’t have to.   You do realize that there are some things that I _have_ to leave the house for, right? And getting everything else delivered is very expensive. So you saying that you won't even try to slow down the spread and protect other people is downright cruel and selfish.
I mean, fuck my grandma right? The sooner she gets it, the better!
There are too many people that aren’t taking it seriously, I have given up on trying to convince my family and friends that this virus can mess EVERYONE up. There are long term damages from this that still aren’t known and could possibly affect people who asymptotically carried the virus.  I understand the economy has to keep moving but I refuse to let someone put my family in danger because they don’t care about anyone’s wellbeing but their own.   I’m not sure why so many people refuse to take the smallest precautions to help stop the spread. Just wear a mask, don’t touch anybody and wash/sanitize your hands regularly throughout the day. The way people are reacting to wearing a mask around others is embarrassing.  I’m not sure everyone understands how easy we have it compared to other countries that weren’t even allowed to walk their dogs.   OP should be worried, some of our hospitals are already almost at ICU capacity and the hospitalizations are rising everyday. Statistically, it’s only a matter of time before you or someone you know gets sick with COVID at the rate people are spreading this. So until we get a viable treatment or vaccine, or all of our fellow Americans suddenly start caring about other people, I am staying away from y’all.
This is a bad mentality to have when there's a second wave on the way. The worst is still potentially on the horizon.  We can't get past this unless we all perform the simplest of tasks. The fact that you can walk in any building and see a 50/50 turnout is not helping.
Sure, let's just totally overfill the hospitals with dying people. It'll be just like New York, where they needed refrigerated trucks to cart off dead bodies. Awesome!
Something like this yes. Also, I  have an impending sense of doom but it's got nothing to do with covid infections
dont say "we might not survive".  The kill rate of the virus is like 0.5% to 1% by my estimate.  It's high but you're gonna survive.    I agree with everything else.  Take precautions and rethink group gatherings.  If you get it or someone in your family.... isolate, isolate, isolate.
instead believe this guy ^   because unlike worldwide news organizations he knows the real story.
Perhaps the best journalism in the entire country. Good call. lol
Long before. Even if Hillary won and assuming she encouraged states to shut down, Republican governors would've just stayed open to spite her.
They're lying,  \- An employee at CMC Main
>	If we go into lockdown again  There’s not a snowballs chance in hell this happens.  Honestly, it’s much more likely we go stage three next week.
A lot of misinformation here. Current estimate on mortality is .5-1%. And the cost of falling ill is not simply dying. There are serious financial, psychological and physical effects of getting sick without dying.  At the current exponential rate of growth, it is likely hospitals will get overwhelmed here in Charlotte, if we don’t change our behavior. People don’t realize that we are in the early stages of this thing, especially here in Charlotte. Our moment has not arrived like it has in Spain, Italy, NYC, but it will arrive, as long as we do nothing to curb exponential growth.  Lastly, there are lot of promising drugs in the pipeline, but only 1 has been proven to work in a randomized trial to reduce deaths, the steroid studied in the UK. Yes, it is likely that more drugs will come but this is even more reason to try to delay spread. Drugs are not available yet to the masses. So, any spread now is going to result in more deaths than spread in 6-12 months from now when drugs are available.
A unified approach would have reduced the spread considerably, so that we wouldn't have an outbreak this terrible.  Almost every other country out there with a centralized government response has fared considerably better than the U.S. . Our government initially denied its existence, then left it as a free-for-all with the governors.   Your car crash analogy is not applicable. Medical experts did chime in on car crashes - hence why safety belts, air bags, and considerable structure requirements have been implemented over the years. Car safety requirements have changed wildly since the invention of the automobile.  The proper mix is to allow medical experts and politicians to work together, and combine the strengths of both to create a unified approach. This never happened. Politicians (from left and right) buckled to the public, and not to the medical experts. - And here we are, watching this virus turn into a serious threat.
Finally.. one with common sense and wisdom. Also I’d like to point out ventilators are sort of last resort where studies show 10% survival rate, and even the optimistic view on actual effectiveness is 25-50%. When the whole world cannot eradicate this virus, we just have to learn to live with it. Wait, that’s what we did with literally every other virus.
I agree with this, and think we can take our feet off the throttle a bit on prevention. But I'm less afraid of COVID-19 itself, or even its economic fallout.... and more of the cultural shifts and failures it has highlighted. The media has seemingly completely abandoned journalistic responsibility for clicks and controversy, and people continue to lose faith in experts and authorities, instead trusting in whoever says things that make them feel good.   To a degree, it's good that COVID didn't prove to be as deadly as scientists feared, as we'd be truly fucked..... but if we get hit with a truly deadly bug a lot of people are going to die. First we entered the post-fact era, now we are entering the post-science era and reverting back to a full on system of thought that relies on emotions and beliefs.
Yes escalating the situation with a dumbass is always the right answer
Does it matter? If they didn’t catch covid they wouldn’t have died.
Right. I meant I've seen NC hospitalisation numbers but not national ones.
I just drove up to Maine this past week on I-85 & I-95 and I was shocked to see almost everyone wearing masks. I stopped in NC, VA, PA, CT, MA, and ME. It was like someone flipped a switch as soon as I crossed the VA border. I figured it was just as bad everywhere but apparently not.
Good point about the lag, but as has been discussed many times, looking at reported cases without reference to number of tests can be misleading - that's all I meant.
I think people need to be better educated on what "getting it" means.   And then that even being asymptomatic seems to mean a 50/50 chance of organ damage
and to forget that with most americans living paycheck to paycheck, the employer is going to get to decide for most of these people "take the risk or you'll be in debt/homeless/etc"
Then that’s the problem you have If you rely on others who can’t follow simple mask wearing.
How many families economic future’s is your grandmas life worth?  Nobody wants your gran dead and nobody wants Billy from down the way’s kids sleeping under a bridge.  The real world is more complicated than either of these views.  So how do you propose to balance it?
 Can I get a picture of her first?
We also don’t know how long the antibodies last. Could be like the common cold (another coronavirus) where we can be reinfected multiple times a year.
Grandma's going to get it anyway with something this infectious. unless you put grandma in a bubble for the next two years and absolutely no one visits her. And I'm not sure grandma wants that either. sorry but that's the reality.  Good news is they're finding that it's a lot less lethal than initially thought. The CDC's current best estimate for total infection fatality is 0.4%. Still higher than a seasonal flu but it's in the ballpark and a lot lower than the 3 - 4% we initially thought.
Well if people can’t complete a task as simple as wearing a mask, then they won’t be able to handle it when it gets real bad.
Your decision to go out and interact with the public is YOUR CHOICE.  What you choose to do does not have any bearing on what I choose to do.
I get that I do. But if people can’t do a simple task and wear a mask, then they sure won’t be able to do any of the complex measures once the really hits hard
>It's high but you're gonna survive.   Only if you're young and healthy. Those of us that aren't definitely might not make it.
Wow I actually agree with you for once
If I was a business, Stage 3 sounds like the better deal.
While Oxford University researchers and MDs believe the reasonably low-cost steroid (dexamethasone) is an effective treatment for some COVID19 symptoms caused by SARS-2, their study was well-publicized yet remains to be peer- reviewed. Ideally, independent research and patient results back up Oxford’s favorable initial reports.
Fear of economic fall out is an interesting topic worth analyzing. The question is whether that fall out is actually caused by the virus or our failure to mitigate it by providing a proper social safety for people. The wealthy elites and even upper middle class would like to convince everyone that they have to go back to work in order to prevent economic collapse. That’s easy for them to say, because they will continue working comfortably at home, watching their stock portfolios remain in tact, while all the desperate, anxiety-ridden masses go back to work and get sick in order to achieve herd immunity.  And then we applaud these “essential” workers as heroes for taking the hit and keeping the economy humming along.  This choice is a false choice. In this country, we have more than enough capacity and capability to provide the basic necessities for everyone without inflicting death on half a million or more people, which likely where this is headed with a second wave. But we simply lack the political will to restructure our economic system to redirect resources to where it is most needed.
Impacted family, friends, neighbors, co-workers, etc appears to influence more than news reports. Tragically, some people of all ages, backgrounds, etc in other locations object to or simply refuse to believe the SARS-2 virus and COVID19 disease are real until hit closer to home.
Source on the 50/50 organ damage? That doesn't seem right.
Getting it varies from person to person. I’d like to see the stats on 50% chance of organ damage bc that seems hyperbolic even for symptomatic cases. Any virus can cause longer term complications.   For the vast majority of people under 60 in this nation, this is not a death sentence. It’s a shitty thing to come down with, and you should take precautions and protect the vulnerable in your families....but you should not be living in paralyzing fear.
>If you rely on others who can’t follow simple mask wearing.   You seem to be talking about yourself since you're the one that said you're tired of trying to stop it.
Well we could have listened to experts and implemented full scale testing and tracing procedures, but the moron in chief and his merry band of idiots decided that was just too hard. So unlike every other advanced nation that seems to have gotten a handle on the situation we are left with people sick and tired of waiting to reopen, but no real plan to address the very real danger posed by COVID.
Arguing with kids is useless here. Although the young people have about 1/10,000,000 chance of dying from it, they still want to act as if they can die if someone coughs in the same building. All you need to do is look at the demographics of who is dying - which the media is hiding from us for this reason  It gives them purpose in life.
my friend calm your nerves.  You'll do more harm to yourself with worry than with the actual virus.  Take precautions and be smart.    You will survive this I promise.
Could be a fluke.  Even a broke clock is right twice a day ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I assume it is this: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-020-0965-6.pdf  TL;DR: The first in-depth, dedicated, immunologic profile of people who had COVID-19 but never developed symptoms —less immunologic & inflammatory response —prolonged viral shedding —most (59%) w/ abnormal lung CT scans
I have had a very busy day so I have not been able to find the exact sources but they are there. There are more US studies to back this up if you have time to look https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20200513/complications-on-the-road-to-recovery-after-covid Researchers have found that people with mild disease can have abnormal lab or imaging findings, even if they never progress to a more severe disease. According to Edwards’s study, 47% of people who had only a mild disease and 61% with a moderate disease had abnormal liver function tests, indicating injury to the liver, during their illness. Another small study found that 50% of people who didn’t have symptoms had abnormal findings on imaging tests showing damage in the lungs, even without lung symptoms.
You asked for the source, I gave you a recap of the source and you downvoted it with no comment. Nice
In a country where you can be fired from your job for getting sick, people should scared and be taking the appropriate precautions.
I have had a very busy day so I have not been able to find the exact sources but they are there. There are more US studies to back this up if you have time to look https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20200513/complications-on-the-road-to-recovery-after-covid Researchers have found that people with mild disease can have abnormal lab or imaging findings, even if they never progress to a more severe disease. According to Edwards’s study, 47% of people who had only a mild disease and 61% with a moderate disease had abnormal liver function tests, indicating injury to the liver, during their illness. Another small study found that 50% of people who didn’t have symptoms had abnormal findings on imaging tests showing damage in the lungs, even without lung symptoms.
Everyone has different reasons that are for or against. Regardless, if you rely on others to keep you safe, then your doing yourself a dis service
We absolutely could have done all of those things.  But we didn’t.  So now what?    Feel free to throw stones.  There are plenty of legitimate targets.  But it’s not really a solution is it?  So, given where we are... what should we do?
Why not just wear a mask? I don't get why this is what so many people are choosing to rebel against and not the many other real issues they should have a problem with
>But we cannot continue to ensure you won't get sick. That isn't fair to us.   I didn't address this in the slightest, but thanks for the pep talk. If you read my comment and the one I was responding to, I was simply saying that it's incorrect to say that everyone will survive this, everyone will be fine. That's obviously not true. I didn't say a single thing about keeping things shutdown or expecting you to do anything.  That being said..."We can't continue to ensure you won't get sick"? Would you say that about your mother? Your sister? Go fuck yourself.
NC hasn’t flatten the curve, our peak was always predicted to be in June/July. May be later now that we’ve reopened things...
I did not downvote you. Look up how reddit shows varied points on low up/downvoted posts. But since you are accusing me, I read your source, and no where in the actual study paper does it mention permanent long term effects. It seems that there has been possible correlations, but nothing that is scientifically studied in that paper.   The thought of permanent damage is alarming, and I really hope that does not end up being common.
We can still do all of those things! We need to ramp up testing and tracing. We need to be building the infrastructure to manufacture and deploy vaccines now so it’s ready when trials are done. Instead the people who should be putting a plan together are completely abdicating their responsibilities. It’s fucking tragic because thousands more are going to die and they don’t need to. This whole choice between the economy and human lives could and should have been prevented. Every expert is screaming that we need more testing and we need to wear masks and they are being ignored because it’s politically inconvenient to admit there is a problem.
There's no going back from a dead body. There are ways to solve economic issues.
Things opening up would make the peak occur sooner, not later.
If you look at the actual sources that type of damage from similar viruses is long term. You know, actually going to the studies.
This is the study itself. I don't see it mentioned in there, but I'm not a scientist or academic, so it is possible I am just not seeing it. https://www.thelancet.com/pdfs/journals/lancet/PIIS0140-6736(20)30566-3.pdf
That is the source for a different study.

For the Coronavirus-concerned Lovers of Indian food here... Blue Taj is awesome.
For those in the Ballantyne area, wanted to share my experience with Blue Taj today. for the last 3 months they've been operating mostly on just a dinner menu and at dinner hours only but I discovered they've reopened for lunch carry out orders also.My usual go-to is to order from Blue Taj for lunch as carry out, bring it home and eat it for dinner because their dinner prices are a little too expensive for me, particularly right now. The last meal I ate out before going into quarantine was with a friend at Blue Taj. I have missed my Indian food fix.I was excited to hear they were open for carry out so I went by today. Passed several restaurants in Ballantyne that are fully open for dine in which I'm not interested in right now. Unfortunately, the construction on site for the new hotel is blocking the restaurant's front entrance so you have to walk around to the patio entrance which is only a few extra steps.What impressed me the most was the zero contact interaction that I had there. They have reconfigured the hostess station to face the patio door. As I entered, the man behind the counter was wearing a mask and called out my name and asked if I was there for pickup. I said I was.He directed me to swipe my card on a kiosk that they have put facing the customers. There was a bucket of fresh pens along with a bucket of used pens next to it so you could just take your receipt from the printer, sign it and leave it on the desk and put your used pen into the used pen bucket. Once I had done that he waved over to another table across from us where my order was waiting and I picked it up and was out in 2 seconds.I have been to many places for carry out during the pandemic and have never been more impressed with the way one was set up for the safety of everyone. I have a feeling they're struggling not just due to the pandemic but also due to the construction going on so if you love Indian food and can head over there, I highly recommend them for carry out. Disclaimer: I have zero affiliation with them and I even once dinged them on Yelp  for poor dine in service, but their carry out experience is excellent and they have the best Indian food I have found south of Charlotte. Please consider supporting them!
Oh yeah- had take out from there tonight!  Love the Na'an.  Lamb curry was excellent and they do a dish (honestly not sure it's on the menu) that is tandoori dark meat chicken with veggies and a light amount of masala sauce.  It's really good and a bit healthier than some of the other options.  Cheers!!!
Blue Taj slaps
I love their food and recommend it, but a couple of the nontraditional dishes I’ve gotten there have been letdowns. I’d stick with the classics, not the fusion-y things
Just came here to also say that their food is awesome.   If you’re craving Indian food and are near Ballantine, this is the spot.
Awesome, I will check them out. Thanks.
Can vouch, Blue Taj is fantastic.
which dishes specifically do you recommend?   Do they have online ordering or just phone?
They have been excellent since day one!
Na'an? .. i hope its a typo cz that sounds like a biblical demon
I've never tried their fusion food. Can confirm their chicken tikka masala and chicken methi korma, both "traditional" dishes, are the bomb. Their samosas are tasty as well but they don't serve them at lunch.
Phone only so far as I know. I highly recommend the chicken tikka masala and the chicken methi korma dishes, medium spice level or hotter if you choose. I love that the spice level can be customized.

North Carolina's lieutenant governor says he will sue Gov. Roy Cooper over his coronavirus executive orders

The headline is poorly written.  Should say "Dan Forest desperate for anyone to pay attention to him, has to resort to increasingly ridiculous tactics."
>	Aligned with the conservative Christian wing of the North Carolina Republican Party, Forest has emphasized his socially conservative views.[15] He was a strong supporter of North Carolina's controversial H.B. 2, state legislation that overrode an ordinance passed by the City of Charlotte that extended the protection of anti-discrimination laws to LGBT persons.[3] Forest was also a leading supporter of proposals to adopt a state "religious freedom restoration" act, a controversial bill on religion.[16] Forest supports the elimination of income tax and its replacement by a "consumption tax."[3]  Just so we’re all clear, Forest only cares about silly things like the law, procedure, and constitutionality when the rights being affected are his.  In general he’s a slimy piece of shit.
Didn’t even know we hat a lieutenant governor

