Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?
A research team at Duke University is studying how COVID-19 is impacting families in the American South. We hope to learn about how to best provide social and emotional support for families over the coming months as we all navigate many highs and lows. **The survey takes about 40 minutes and is for parents and caregivers with children ages 3 - 16.** 1 in 100 participants get a $100 gift card.  (The "South" includes AL, AR, DE, DC, FL, GA, KY, LA, MD, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN, TX, VA, and WV)[CLICK here to participate](https://bit.ly/2zymmo2)https://preview.redd.it/9aq1nqu53c551.png?width=5000&format=png&auto=webp&s=ac678cd20ea6ab30b49647358291b9c230d0f0e9
You forgot to mention you are required to have offspring.
Thank you for you feedback! We have updated the post to include this information.

Survey on Work Experiences During COVID-19. Please consider participating!


Donate blood at TBC July 1-7 to receive FREE COVID-19 antibody testing, $20 VISA card, & TBC t-shirt. You MUST PM me with your appointment details(name, donor Id#, date/location of your appointment) so that can register you for this promotion. (I am an TBC employee)

My wife and I gave this weekend at Glenwood location. All the staff and donors were wearing masks. Hand sanitizing station outside. I felt very safe.
How do I get my donor id #?
Donated this past Saturday at Glenwood. Excellent experience. Everyone was great. But... I didn't get a shirt! How do I get a shirt now?
I’m so glad to hear this! Thank you for donating and sharing your experience.
You have to create an account in order to make an appointment. That's where the number comes from.
I’m so glad you had a positive experience! We are only giving out shirts during July 1-7 to registered donors.

Durham second grader dies after fight with coronavirus

I feel like a lot of people forgot about the virus due to all the protests. Crazy how quickly people gave up wearing masks in my area.
Maybe one of these “open NC” troglodytes can explain to that family how Coronavirus isn’t that dangerous?
Rip
IME, people were stopping as soon as Phase 1 of re-opening started.  I remember doing my weekly grocery shop after that and only 30% or so of people there were wearing masks.  This week it's even fewer, many of which are older people.  I think it's just an example of giving people an inch then them wanting to take a mile as with any time some regulation is relaxed.  I'm positive we will see an uptick of cases in short order as a combination of the relaxations (both regulatory and sociologically) and the protests.
She gave her life for the economy. I'm sure she and her family don't mind. Greater good and all that...  /s
I want to believe that you forgot the /s, and aren’t this big of an asshole in real life.
I swear to god the old people literally breathe down my neck
o7  Farewell, patriot!
It's obvious sarcasm but he's still an asshole.
Zombie practice
Old dudes with bad hearing getting right up in each other’s faces in the deli line having to shout at each other to hear themselves over the elevator music. 🙄
Oh I dunno, for all we know u/ivankasmeatcurtains could be a stand up gent. /s
😂
LOL We shouldn't rush to judge.  But you COULD understand why someone WOULD.    Kinda like the red hats.

Quickest way to get a Coronavirus test?
Hey all.  Reaching out in a desperate attempt to see what the quickest/easiest path is to get a coronavirus test for active infections.  I’m thinking of a swab station or something to get in and out and get results soon, although not sure what to expect.  If anyone has done this in the area I’d appreciate some expertise.  I don’t care if it’s actually for COVID-19 or just a type of coronavirus.  As long as its quick.My situation is that my MIL is supposed to come to town later this week and she’s asked my wife and I to get tested, because we were in Myrtle Beach what would have been 2 weeks prior to her stay.  We do not have any symptoms, so I’m not sure if I can even get tested if there’s still shortages.  This is just an attempt at peace of mind for my MIL so she doesn’t abort what would be a chain of about three weeks of planned staycation events. Thanks for you help.
CVS drive thru testing takes about 24 hours
Wake county is offering testing [https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/](https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/)      I was symptomatic and was tested through my Primary Care at one of the UNC clinics when the wake county clinic was filled up.
You went to the protest
Thank you! I think this is our best bet.
This doesn’t even make sense 😂
Yeah it does, you'll understand rventually
Political and off topic.  No, I don’t think I will.
What they are saying is that "going to a protest" is a valid, acceptable reason to get a test, you don't need to have symptoms.
who said anything about going to a protest?  not everyone is protesting, therefore it's it's completely off topic and irrelevant information.  edit:  whoosh.  I see, I could lie and say I went to a protest to get the test.  I'm an idiot, I'll see myself out.
You're welcome👍 hope you are beerflu free

