Testing – Wake County COVID-19 Information

I posted this both because it's good info to know but I'm curious about this statement in the FAQs question "Who are we targeting for testing?".  One of the answers is "Are a member of a vulnerable or historically marginalized population".  What does being a historically marginalized person have to do with COVID testing?   I'm hoping I'm simply not understanding the context here, but it does strike me as politicizing something that shouldn't be politicized.
What makes it seem politicized to you?  There is a lot of information available about the outcomes of COVID-19 for POC. Historically AND currently there are significant health disparities between minority groups and white people. POC are also more likely to be working in essential jobs that put them at a higher risk for contact with the virus. Stats are out there, this history is out there, recent articles about this are out there to be Googled.

USDA: NC pug never contracted COVID-19

Follow up from the pug that everyone was worried about- I had a feeling at the time that the researchers, owners/doctors, and reporters were over interpreting "respiratory signs" in a pug, and that the test results were non-specific.
That'll do pug, that will do
Any pug I’ve met always sounds like they have a respiratory issue.
That's because it's the breed standard.
Pugs are cute but I’ll never get one after babysitting a friends. They sound terrible when they breathe and the poor pup had a massive nose and respiratory infection that killed him at age 7.
Yeah I couldn’t own one either I’ve fostered a few and just they dying all the time!
Personally I don’t know how people aren’t upset at that fact. I don’t think people know when buying them. Like declawing cats is illegal but people can breed dogs that will suffer their entire lives with health conditions? I’m ranting now but I just feel terrible for them.
Oh yeah preaching to the choir here I’ve been in dog recuse 25 plus years I get it!!

Somewhere to Study During COVID-19?

Check out BREW at Gateway. The space is gigantic, tables are amply spaced (at least 10ft apart), it’s open air most days with the bay doors up.  Plus the owners are simply the nicest people ever.
Pick a local spot! Berkeley Cafe wouldn't mind and is super quiet in the daytime. Order a coffee or basket of fries and tip and you are good!
I’ve spent time in Sheetz before. They’re usually 24/7 and have WiFi. A few had blocked off some seating last I checked but they may be opening up again.
Nice man, I love places that carry a quaint local vibe.    I didnt know they were a sitdown place, its been so long since I've stopped by there.  It was for a hardcore show a while back
Before Covid they were still bringing a lot of bands, like nightly damn near, but I'd say the hardcore vibe is definitely another time..have heard tell, was not around.
This was 2011 I believe.   Definitely a rare time for Berkley

Whole Foods In Cary Confirms Multiple Covid 19 Cases

I think this would be true for practically all retail outlets.
This is the one off of 55, south of the exit for it from 540.
I was in there Sunday to pick up a snack and was surprised how many customers were not wearing masks. I mistakenly thought they required masks but nope.
Someone didn’t follow the arrows
Whole Paycheck; now with a side of COVID!
>Store leaders declined to disclose how many employees tested positive but said those workers are now in quarantine and the store remains open.  [Like I said, yesterday.](https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/gy5cln/coronavirus_free_testing_in_raleigh_carya_road/ft9mr98/)
Some stores are doing a bit better job at protecting employees, but I could see 'essential' stores having much more risk due to the amount of people in them.   I have two different friends who's work has had to close yet again due to potential COVID exposure risk of all the employees.   Unfortunately too many folks think COVID is over and are just going back to acting regular (pre-COVID) without realizing the risk to themselves and others this presents.
Good for people not wearing those things. There are bigger problems at Whole Foods, like, being owned by Jeff "I control everything" Bezos.
Not sure if you meant Lowe's Foods, but [Lowe's Hardware employees are keeping track](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lowes/comments/fvin4s/keep_track_lowes_employee_coronavirus_cases/).  This was updated a couple of months ago, when the big box hardware stores were jammed with shoppers.  There are quite a few cases, including Garner and Apex.  But we need to keep in mind that we don't know which ones, if any of them were infected at work.   I share it as a reminder to stay on your toes. Assume that the virus is around, wherever you go.
whole foods was one of the places no one was wearing masks or gloves at initially when reopening, I'm not surprised.   meh, instead of spending $123.78 for fruit and bread I'll go to trader joes and spend $12.
The Whole Foods I went to (Waverly Pl) was doing a better job than other grocery stores early on at limiting the number of people inside and everyone I saw was wearing a mask. That said, Whole Foods stores in general are more compact than other grocery stores and it's harder to get out of the way of people.  On pricing it depends on what you're buying. Produce is quite a bit more expensive than other places, but other staples like bread, milk, pasta, etc. are about the same.
Or go to Aldi and spend $3.
If only Trader Joes delivered or had more then two locations in the county.  Plus, you end up spending the same if the fruit or veggies you need are only available bagged up in a quantity higher then you need.  We've consistently found whole foods to have better prices and better quality then Harris Teeter.  And free prime delivery (granted, it was impossible to get a slot during the thick of everything).
And it's the same stuff as trader joes
Food lion and spend 1.50

The University of British Columbia's COVID-19 Study
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/idptnlkewq351.jpg?width=1471&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=de4347ab75425cdfee0be283736bf6d218be3d0c
    Thanks mods for approval, we really appreciate it!  To the community of Raleigh,  As we continue to face changes as the COVID-19 situation evolves, we need your help to better understand how stress during this time impacts wellbeing and mental health. Please consider sharing your experiences in this research study. The information you provide can help to guide public health initiatives and policy changes that best promote emotional health going forward. For more information, or to participate, visit: [covidstudy.ca](https://blogs.ubc.ca/covidstudy/participate/)

Gov. Cooper recommends COVID-19 test for anyone that’s been to a protest - where can I get one with no symptoms?
I saw [an article] (https://www.newsobserver.com/article243368171.html#storylink=cpy) today in the News and Observer that talks about the recommendation from Cooper and the secretary of the DHHS:> Even if you’re not having symptoms but you have gone to a mass gathering or a protest, get a test,” Cohen said. “If you work in some of the higher risk settings where you see a lot of foot traffic, like a grocery store or a meat processing plant where we know folks are more close together and there are more risk factors, get proactively tested — even if you’re having no symptoms.”> In addition to recommending anyone who has been in a crowd to get tested, Cooper asked leaders to set a good example and wearing a mask.But...everywhere I’ve seen locally that offers tests requires a screening to verify that you’re either working in a high-risk area, have symptoms, or have been in contact with someone that has confirmed COVID. If we’ve been to a protest, should we just lie and pick one of those other options? Or is there another way?
https://www.pixel.labcorp.com/  <— Free at home tests   https://thebloodconnection.org/antibody-testing/ <— Free antibody tests (provided you give blood)
CVS has free, no-referral, drive-through testing. Appointment required, but same day available. 100% confirmed. Doesn’t get much easier than that.
Nextcare urgent care.  I simply told them that I'd been to a protest and was around a lot of people and was able to get tested.
Recommendations are that you wait at least a week after attending a protest before you get a test. Reasoning is that test is just a snapshot in time. You are unlikely to have any virus in your system the day or two or three after exposure, but may have enough virus to register as positive after a week or so. I welcome any corrections.
I did the [free at-home test from Labcorp](https://www.pixel.labcorp.com/at-home-test-kits/covid-19-test). Gave them my insurance info and it cost me nothing, and my insurance did not use my deductible or charge a copay, covid testing is 100% covered. Got the test like two days after I ordered it, swabbed my own nose and packed it up in the provided packaging, dropped it at a FedEx drop box, and had my results online less than 48 hours later. Negative FYI :)
Wake County has free testing for residents. You can sign up on COVID19.wakegov.com/testing    It’s by appointment and they’re working to add more dates.
Testing site finder here: https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/about-covid-19/testing/find-my-testing-place   Went to a protest and want to get tested? During the screening, tell them you've been to a protest. No need to lie. Here's the updated [testing guidance memo](https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/COVID-19-Provider-Guidance-Final.pdf) (pdf) to healthcare providers which includes this.
It statistically wouldn’t be lying to say you’ve had contact with someone with it if you’ve been to the protests
Antibody testing and PCR testing are not the same thing. Make sure that you are asking for the latter. Antibody testing is not as effective since it can't check for the different virus mutations
Maybe we can get back to protecting the human race again?
The testing around here that I have heard about is being reserved for health workers and the immunocompromised. I think the governor is just trying to lay the groundwork for blaming protestors for spreading covid.
Where is the free home test? I couldn't see it on the site.  It kind of just says no upfront cost. But they dtill will contact your insurance, or have to pay $119, or have no insurance but they'll vet you first.
Their site looks really easy to use and the scheduling is simple, good suggestion.   It looks like it has the same issue I mentioned in the post, though - if you mark yourself as no symptoms, you don’t qualify...and there’s no option for saying you’ve been at a mass gathering.   I guess you could just say you’ve had a symptom in the last 24 hours.
Does the test suck?? Painful or anything?
You were either exposed or you weren’t.  “Statistically” your chance of exposure increased if you’ve been around more people.
No. Not Cooper but it’s what trump will attribute to the rise in positives.
Under ‘Get Started’ it says they can file your insurance or utilize federal funds to cover the upfront cost of this test on your behalf.  .. Below that it then says ‘No upfront cost’ and continues with ‘We’ll bill your insurance for the test. If you don’t have insurance, we’ll handle that, too, through public funding. All we ask is that you use and return the kit you request for testing, since inventory is limited.’  👍  -	Adding to this .. I believe the vetting part is the survey and such you have to go through on the page.
Even one symptom will qualify you, if its been recommended by the government that feels like a valid reason to flub it slightly.
Honestly was totally fine, I was expecting much worse.
And? Our statements are not mutually exclusive.
It's based on test availability, some locations will allow testing with no symptoms if they have plenty of kits and others won't.
I’m not assuming, I entered exactly what I said above on their online questionnaire as part of the scheduling process. No symptoms, no other boxes checked - it said I didn’t qualify at this time and it wouldn’t allow the appointment to schedule.  It looks like, as /u/Fluffy_Rock mentioned, one symptom opens the gate and lets you schedule the appointment.
thats good to hear. thanks!
Could you explain what “statistically wouldn’t be lying” means?
Well, one of the questions asks if you’ve been prioritized by your state for testing or public health monitoring. Did you check yes? The highest ranking official over the health department just said anyone protesting should get tested. That should get you in the door.
If you come into contact with someone who has it, its not lying. And they statically came in to contact with someone who has it. Therefore, they are not lying, statistically.
Yeah, that’s a good thought. I assumed it meant that you’d been contacted by the DHHS/CDC or something like that.  That’s good enough for me! 👍
What’s the difference in coming into contact and statistically coming into contact??
Good luck! Hope you don't have it.
"Coming into contact" implies you know the person you contacted tested positive.  Probability would be a better way to explain it as "statistically coming into contact" is rather vague without explaining what kind of statistical testing is being performed.  The more people who currently have the virus, the higher the probability of encountering someone with the virus in a given sized group.  Due to the way probabilities work this scales much faster than you would anticipate.  To calculate this you would use the formula (1-p)^n, where p is the probability of a single person being infected and n is the number of people.  This would give you the probability of no one in the group being infected, you can then subtract from 1 to get the probability of at least one person in the group being infected.  If p=0.01 (1% of population currently infected) and n=100 you would get 1-(1-0.01)^100 = 0.63, or a 63% chance that 1 person out of the group was infected.  For reference sake, modeling suggests that roughly 0.3-0.4% of NC population is currently infected, resulting in a group size of ~170-230 to have a 50% chance of an infected person in the group.  TLDR: Given a high enough individual rate of infection and a large enough group size, it becomes highly likely that at least one person in the group was infected.
A few percentage points
Lol yes this is what I was getting at, hence my first comment in this thread.  Prefacing a comment with “statistically” almost surely leads to a misapplication of statistics :)

Meals on wheels of Raleigh COVID-19 positive
An employee tested positive, they will be shut down for a few weeks. Just letting everyone know.
Oh man, what a bummer. The old folks really rely on that service for nutrition and some company. What will they do?
Damn, where did you see this?
My mother works in the office, a member of the kitchen staff tested positive
Thanks for the heads up, I volunteer there every tuesday.  Will try to get tested now

Masks significantly reduce infection risk, likely preventing thousands of COVID-19 cases -study

As a person who was previously skeptical of the effectiveness of the face coverings vs. N-95s this was the study that I needed to see. This is the first legitimate study of face coverings against COVID-19 that gives us significant data. I've been wearing a mask before but mainly out of respect for how it may make others feel, now I can wear the mask knowing it helps.
Sir, this is NC.
Who is pnas? Never heard of them. Nursing homes require masks yet old folks still die, hmm.
As a person who was increasingly depressed by the behavior of my fellow humans, this was the comment I needed to see.
I wouldn’t trust this study. I can look at it further when I get home, but from the initial take it looks rushed, poorly constructed, poorly reviewed, and mistakes a causal relationship for a correlative one.  New York was already heavily trending downward in almost every important category and indicator when this rule was implemented.   And you can’t then attribute the cause of the downward trend to masks. And you definitely can’t extrapolate that they saved XXX people from getting infected. You don’t even have reliable data that people were adhering to the rule.  I’m not saying it’s good to wear masks or not. I keep a box of surgical masks and gloves at my house well before this ever happened. But this study, or at least the article that purports to represent the study, has a viewpoint they are desperately trying to prove.
Lol. "Muh freedom"
Reduced risk does not equal no risk. And a team you've never heard of does not automatically give bad data.
PNAS is a well respected scientific journal.  It’s not New England Journal of Medicine but based on impact factor it’s well above average.
It's linked from Reuters who are a reputable news source.
Wow. Such an enlightened thought! Did you know Surgeons wash their hands before an operation but sometimes patients still die? And that soldiers wear body armor but sometimes they still get shot? And that condoms sometimes fail and a woman gets pregnant?   We should just stop trying to mitigate risk at all. If it’s not 100% effective why try at all, right?
Guns and gods protect me, I don't know about you.
[I have the power of God and anime on my side.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tlwda9S58Lg)

Wake county adopts $1.47 billion budget for 2021, cutting 100+ county positions, mostly from libraries and animal control services amid COVID-19 budget shortfalls

"\#WakeBOC adopted a $1.47 billion budget for Fiscal Year 2021. It continues to fund @WCPSS at historic levels, but due to the financial impacts of \#COVID19, it also cuts 100+ county positions, reduces @wcplonline hours &amp; removes 2 12-hour ambulances. More: "    >posted by @WakeGOV   ___    media in tweet: https://i.imgur.com/D62tX2b.jpg

Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?
A research team at Duke University is studying how COVID-19 is impacting families in the American South. We hope to learn about how to best provide social and emotional support for families over the coming months as we all navigate many highs and lows. **The survey takes about 40 minutes and is for parents and caregivers with children ages 3 - 16.** 1 in 100 participants get a $100 gift card.  (The "South" includes AL, AR, DE, DC, FL, GA, KY, LA, MD, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN, TX, VA, and WV)[CLICK here to participate](https://bit.ly/2zymmo2)https://preview.redd.it/f2upzkux2c551.png?width=5000&format=png&auto=webp&s=aaa9496f0cdac4865dd12df33c2810efa1572e8e

RDU friends Donate blood at TBC July 1-7 to receive FREE COVID-19 antibody testing, $20 VISA card, & TBC t-shirt. Message me & I can get you signed up at a location that’s convenient for you.

Aw i just donated and missed out on the shirt lol
Just want to add you can donate with TBC at any time (not just that window) to have antibody testing!   You won't get those other goodies though.
Thank you for donating!
That is correct. I work for TBC and the $20 and shirt is only available by contacting me.

Raleigh gets ready to require masks to stop COVID-19 spread. Will Wake’s towns sign on?

San Francisco, a city that is far denser, had far earlier exposure, uses more public transportation and is part of a much larger metro area has had approximately the same number of cases and deaths as Wake County. As early as March people were being fined $800 for walking too closely together.
>People will not be cited or arrested for not wearing a mask, she said. It will be enforced through education, she said.  As I understand it, issuing citations/arresting non-compliant individuals would now be within the powers of the mayor's in Wake County, right? Rulings surrounding the 10th amendment clearly state North Carolina would be able to not only set policy, but enforce it through "police powers". The state has delegated the power to set policy to the counties and in turn, has been passed to the cities of Wake County. Do the powers of enforcing the law get passed down to the city as well at that point?   I honestly don't know if they should or should not, but I am mostly interested in the legal aspect of if they could.
I saw a graphic - not sure how accurate it was - but it basically said:  &#x200B;  If you are infected and not wearing a mask and the other person is wearing a mask then there's a 70% chance of infection within 6 feet.  If you are infected and wearing a mask and the other person is not wearing a mask then there's a 5% chance of infection within 6 feet.  If you are infected and wearing a mask and the other person is wearing a mask then there's a 1.5% chance of infection within 6 feet.  EDIT: Here's a link to an assessment of this graphic's numbers.  Conclusion is the numbers aren't accurate but the messaging is.  [https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/health/coronavirus/verify-viral-image-about-masks-gets-the-numbers-wrong-but-the-idea-right/507-ff915e39-5a79-483d-86b7-98ecc796c8e5](https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/health/coronavirus/verify-viral-image-about-masks-gets-the-numbers-wrong-but-the-idea-right/507-ff915e39-5a79-483d-86b7-98ecc796c8e5)
And the whiners and cry babies will start protesting now... wear a stupid mask, it's not for you, it's for others!!! show your christian values and start caring for your neighbor...  And this is not oppression, you don't even know what it means to be oppressed, so stop whining
When I go to the store, I cannot help but think how rude and inconsiderate the people who don't wear masks are. It's totally unacceptable at this point.
I hope so. I was in a Harris Teeter in Cary yesterday and only 50% of patrons had masks on.
Masks seem illegal in Cary. So I hope so.
Holly Springs mayor says his research shows masks are not as effective as social distancing, so no requirement. Seems our local government want this to go on forever. :(
Follow Science.  Covid-19 is the boss.  Whatever makes it go away.
YES - require mask enforcement.  This way, cops will have a lot less time waiting in the median to ticket drivers for revenue.  Unfortunately, they'll have a lot less time responding to "real" calls as well.  But, if I'm not mistaken, we also want to defund the police.  So, there's sort of a conundrum - "defund the police, but please enforce more laws for us."   The main hesitation I have is that I often jog.  So, I'd be breaking the ordinance when jogging.  I mean, technically a cop would be able to cite me if he/she wanted to hassle me for any reason, sort of like the time I got a warning ticket for hanging air freshener from my rearview.     So that's a concern.  Or if I want to have lunch in the park.  Wondering if I'd get cited for that because I can't eat with a mask on... but it would technically be on public property.  Or if I bought a Gatorade from the store and drank it while I walked back to my home- would that technically be a violation?  Would someone call the cops on me if they saw me doing that?  See, now I'm nervous.    The only other concern I'd have is if it would be okay for me to call the cops on an employee of a private business if he/she is not wearing a mask.  I mean what's the point with an ordinance if every business you walk into has 50% of their employees with no masks on, right?  Like go to any given grocery store or Walmart.  It's a zoo.  So, yeah, I think we'll be able to keep the police busy enough.    I don't have a baby, but I figure they'd have tiny little baby masks so that'd be kind of cute - not to mention it would muffle their crying a bit.  So, it'd be like two birds with one stone.    And once we force everyone to wear a mask, we can eventually force everyone to take the test.  And if we're lucky, we can force everyone to take the vaccine once that comes out.  Yay!
Is it true masks deprive you of oxygen?
"gets ready..." Maybe NC is considered the South after all.
They should enforce it with a mandatory Covid test. You know the one that goes 6” up the nose.  Edit: this was a joke, wow going to go negative with my karma for this one.  There are also some newer test that don’t have to go as deep, and it looks like it goes in 6” 😂. [nose depth](https://global-uploads.webflow.com/5d62d8a55bf4d8137126ce7b/5e73d4377adb2cb3628d3264_heres-why-the-coronavirus-testing-in-the-us-is-so-2-131-1584562085-1_dblbig.jpeg)
 1.  A licensed medical professional is the only person qualified to give medical advice, including the advice to wear a mask, which negatively affects the respiratory system, neurological system and immune system.   2. Practicing medicine without a license is an offense punishable by law.   3. There is no law in North Carolina that requires anyone to wear a mask into any business establishment. Guidelines are not laws.   4. Equal access and accommodations in any business establishment, or public space is protected by law.   5. No citizen may be discriminated against based on a health condition.   ..........I smell lawsuits on the horizon
I’ll just stay out of Raleigh then
I was in the San Francisco bay area from March 12th through March 19th. The mayor of SF declared a state of emergency in late february. A couple of weeks later, they banned gatherings in excess of 1000 (sporting events, concerts, etc). On March 17th, SF and surrounding counties imposed a stay at home order, which effectively shut everything down. I flew out on the 19th. I don't know about fining people for walking too close together, it certainly wasn't a thing while I was there.  The bay area might have been the most successful city/region in the world at containing the virus due to their early and decisive action and the coordination with several surrounding counties. A lot of people thought it was an excessive overreaction at the time.
I’m in SF and talking to my family in Raleigh has been so bizarre, normal life basically continued with minor disruptions for them. Restrictions and behavior are starting to ease up here but people in general have been taking it very seriously. I don’t have a car (normal here) and haven’t left walking distance of my house since March 12, same goes for a lot of my friends. There are signs EVERYWHERE telling people to wear a mask, stay home, stay 6 feet apart. No one I know with an office job has gone in for months, companies are announcing they won’t return to the office until at least September or even the end of the year.   I did hear a month or so ago the at only a handful of people had actually been fined for not social distancing so I’m not sure about that. But it is definitely a very different culture around the reaction to COVID here than in Raleigh.
Fining for non mask usage is the only way to get current selfish people not using one to wear one. It's really sad that is what it would take and they still wouldn't be doing it as general courtesy to others.
Like what if so,done walks too close to you but the fine police think it’s both people and fine everyone? I was shopping for at the grocery store yesterday and I can’t tell you how many store employees snuck up behind me to take a shortcut to the back in an empty store. I’m not mad at them but was startled.
this was a really interesting story I saw back in April:  [https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/coronavirus-49ers-super-bowl-loss-helped-prevent-covid-19-spread-experts-claim/](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/coronavirus-49ers-super-bowl-loss-helped-prevent-covid-19-spread-experts-claim/)
$800!! Holy shit. That’s an insane policy. That’s life changing money for low income earners. So unfair and almost tyrannical IMO.
Imagine the shit storm if police began forcefully arresting anyone not wearing a mask.
This won't do shit. Someone sharing a few words or giving a pamphlet is not going to change the mindset of someone that's already chosen not to wear a mask in public.
As someone posted on another subreddit, fine violators $25 and have the money go to a fund for the medial care for those afflicted with the virus.
I live in Durham and we have had the mask rule and I see fewer and fewer people wearing them.   I really dunno what is going to make people wake up besides denying entry to businesses or arrest/citation.
I think it would be similar to enforcement during SAH orders, not many people were 'fined' for violating the SAH order, unless they were a business making a conniption about it.   Additionally, it would probably be problematic for enforcement of face mask with any on going protests, as the optics would quickly look like officers were targeting protesters to shut down protests.   I am not sure its the right way, but might just getting more people to wear masks when they are lined up to get into businesses is probably a good thing.
Now do the rioters
The big issue isn't droplet exposure: it's [clear airborne transmission is the dominant method of transmission](https://www.pnas.org/node/931542.full) now, and masks help prevent the particles from being aerosolized and help (minimally) filter when you breathe in. Physical distancing is only effective if the person you are exposed to is actively coughing up mucous droplets infested with virus particles, asymptotic spreaders are just out there spewing a fine mist of aerosolized virus particles that hang out in the air for hours after the person has left the area.  So basically opening any enclosed space (and even outdoor spaces: researchers have noted it's likely under urban conditions it can accumulate even outdoors!) and not requiring mask wearing by all people in that space is sentencing any workers that have to be in the space for hours at a time to infection (and by extension, the possibility of permanent disability or death -- so someone doesn't have to eat at home?).
Let them all go and protest without masks and the problem will take care of itself. Sorry, I have no sympathy for people who are that selfish. Wearing a mask just becomes habit after doing it for a bit and it's not a big deal.
Why not wear a mask, just in case there's a chance that it may provide some protection for someone else?  The argument is that if I wear a mask, no harm will be done, and some harm may possibly be prevented.  If this really were a "no-cost/possible benefit" scenario, I might agree to CHOOSE to wear a mask, but not to be coerced into wearing one. However, that doesn't describe this situation at all, not even close. I find there to be at least 4 definite harms that come from wearing a mask. None of these have to affect me personally. I can defend the  rights of OTHERS who are harmed by mask wearing policies. These harms can be divided into the following categories: physical, psychological, societal, and constitutional.  1. Physical harm: Wearing a mask for extended periods of time can cause headaches, dizziness, or fainting. Forcing people to re-breathe much of what they exhale(carbon dioxide) rather than breathing freely circulating air is not healthy. 2. Psychological harm: The physical restriction of wearing a mask produces a psychological response, the same kind of response as one would experience when being restrained in some way. Furthermore, one of the worst psychological harms in my opinion is the tacit affirmation that this virus is so easily transmitted and so dangerous that one has to be constantly on the alert to prevent one's own or someone else's death. Imagine the burden that places on even healthy adults, let alone on children or on people who previously already had heightened levels of anxiety. 3. Societal harm: The aforementioned psychological harm is tied directly to the societal harm. People who believe that wearing masks are at the very least, a way to show others you respect them and are doing your part to prevent them from becoming infected, and at the very most, an actual protective measure to prevent viral transmission, are being encouraged by authorities to view those not wearing masks as selfish and/or ignorant. They begin to resent others whom they see as refusing to wear a mask. If a perfect stranger is out in public with no mask, these mask promoters often automatically assume the worst about the non-mask-wearer, even though they have no idea why the person is not wearing a mask. It may be a medical reason, yet the mask-wearer may treat them as if they are dangerous or uncaring. Another very concerning societal harm is the ingraining in the collective psyche the assumption that every person they come across is a potential vector of disease. In fact, it has ALWAYS been the case that there is the possibility that someone we come into contact with in the community is capable of transmitting some virus or bacteria, and it will always be the case in the future, too. The newly adopted view that one must always be on the alert, ever vigilant, to prevent any type of physical contact or even being in close proximity to others is not sustainable, nor is it a healthy way for people to view each other. In addition, it sets the stage for the government to begin to mandate measures the public deems necessary for their own safety. 4. Constitutional harms: Those societal harms lead directly to constitutional harms. In the name of safety, the government will feel justified, with the backing of these mask - compliant people, to introduce restrictive and intrusive policies that violate personal liberty, privacy, and physical autonomy. These include mandatory health screenings, contact tracing, isolation, and quarantine. In the end, a certificate of immunity or vaccination may be required for travel, commerce, banking, and any kind of participation in public life.  So, please don't view people who are not wearing masks as merely selfish rebels who are trying to buck authority. Perhaps they are aware that there is no scientific evidence that mask-wearing by the general public has any effect on community transmission of viruses, and they have considered all of these very real harms that are the result of suggested or required mask wearing in public places.  If the CDC had solid evidence that "masks save lives", wouldn't they present it? Instead, the closest they get is some studies showing that people can be carrying the virus while asymptomatic. That is still two steps away from proving that masks are life-saving.   1. It doesn't prove that those asymptomatic people are capable of transmitting the virus. The limited evidence available actually suggests that they cannot.  2. It doesn't prove that if these people were capable of transmitting the virus, the mask would stop that transmission.   If mask wearing really has slowed down the spread of Covid19, then why hasn't it slowed down the spread of the common flu? Does the mask discriminate against which virus it will be effective in slowing the spread?  The CDC evidence that does exist about "masks save lives" also supports the opposite view. Therefore these real and observable harms from mask-wearing policies can only be compared against a theoretical possibility of protection. In a logical risk-benefit analysis, the mask-wearing policies lose by a wide margin. And that analysis is not a cold and calculating look at only the numbers and not real people. It is actually my love for real people who are affected by each of these harms, people I know personally and feel great affection for who fit into each category of concern, that prompts me to take the unpopular view of opposing mask mandates and even of inviting people to reconsider their voluntary use of masks
Went to Crabtree yesterday and I saw like 10% mask usage. By far the worst place I have encountered. New York & Company was the only place turning away people without a mask. I applaud that company for actually caring about their employees' health and told the lady I thought it was awesome
I usually go to the Harris Teeter at Harrison and 54, and I have consistently seen the vast majority wearing masks - 80%+. Maybe folks are slipping, though! The Target in Park West (54 and NW Cary Parkway) also seems to usually have high mask usage.  The biggest offenders I’ve seen lately are food delivery people and servicemen coming into our home (we had to have our HVAC repaired recently). I figure the food delivery people are probably ok, since we share only outside air if I take the food directly from them. I wonder about the servicemen, though. We did social distancing, but they do come inside where the air is not circulating as much and come into many people’s homes.
So let individual businesses require masks. Costco won’t let you in without one.
how?
Yes, follow the science, which says that it's as lethal as a bad flu.
yeah, I was curious if the requirement of mask wearing would necessary for cycling and running as well.
> "defund the police, but please enforce more laws for us."   The calls for "Defund police" are more referring to the militarization of police and use of police for situations where others would be more useful. Nobody (reasonable or in power) is calling for the abolishment of police as a whole; even places that are "disbanding" the police are doing it as a "wipe-the-slate-clean and rehire new cops" thing and bringing in county police in the meantime, not a permanent deal.
I just moved down from NYC a few weeks ago and this is what the public mask requirement looks like:  -Anytime you are unable to social distance, you must wear a mask. At the store, out for a walk if you pass someone / stop at a cross walk, in the parking lot, etc. So if you are running and biking you do not have to wear a mask. With that said, I did see a lot of runners and bikers wearing bandannas over their mouth as to still cover their face but allow them to breathe easier.  -Children under a certain age do not have to wear masks (I believe it was age 3 or 4 for NYC)   -Police are not hounding and waiting around every corner to get everyone who doesn’t have a mask on. In NYC they would respond to calls of people who were giving store managers a hard time about wearing masks to stores, and some would be stationed in high traffic areas (parks, hiking trail parking lots, etc.) to ensure people were following the rule)   -as for calling the police on someone else, they asked in NYC that you didn’t do that. Report that to the manager or send a report in to that stores regional or corporate office.   This whole thing is a common sense mandate. If you can’t socially distance, wear a mask. If you will be close to people indoors, wear a mask. If you are doing an activity where you cannot wear a mask and cannot socially distance, don’t do that activity.
As stated above, and pretty clearly listed out, police wouldn't be enforcing this, as SAH orders were not 'enforced' either. But making masks mandatory when in public will likely be written as Durham has it currently:  >Wearing of Face Coverings All persons in the City and County of Durham are required to wear a clean face covering any time they are, or will be, in contact with other people who are not household members in public or private spaces where it is not possible to maintain social distance. These spaces include grocery stores, pharmacies, business locations and public transit. While wearing the face covering, it is essential to still maintain social distance insofar as possible since social distancing is the best defense against the spread of the COVID-19.  > While face coverings are required, no one will be removed from, or denied entry to, public transit for failure to wear a face covering. A face covering is a material that covers the nose and mouth. It can be secured to the head with ties or straps or simply wrapped around the lower face. It can be made of a variety of materials, such as cotton, silk, or linen. A cloth face covering may be factory-made or sewn by hand or can be improvised from household items such as scarfs, T-shirts, sweatshirts, or towels. Acceptable, reusable face covering options for the general public include: bandanas, neck gaiters, homemade face coverings, scarves, or tightly woven fabric such as cotton t-shirts and some types of towels.  > It is not required to wear face coverings during individual exercise outdoors, or while walking or exercising with other people from the same household, as long as social distance from others is maintained.  So all of your other points are moot, as the order if written similar addresses them.   Maybe before being a sarcastic troll on the internet, you know, you could read up on these things. It's not rocket science.
If they are enforcing the masks, then you'd just need to avoid activities that you can't do with a mask on in public.  Same as people that can't go to the gym because it's closed.  I get the impression your post has a tone of sarcasm so this might be misplaced but if you want rules enforced just so long as it doesn't inconvenience your own routine, then you are likely going to be disappointed by the outcome.
So you're all for *enforcing* a mask ordinance, but then you outline at least a couple of reasons why that's impractical or undesirable.  >would be okay for me to call the cops on an employee of a private business if he/she is not wearing a mask.  No, that's not ok. If you don't like the way a business operating, then your recourse is to not do business with them. Even if you *can* call the cops, you definitely *shouldn't*.  >I don't have a baby, but I figure they'd have tiny little baby masks so that'd be kind of cute  That would be like trying to make a cat wear a mask. Good luck with that.  >it would muffle their crying a bit  Not even slightly. It will, however, almost certainly make them even more likely to scream and cry.  >And once we force everyone to wear a mask, we can eventually force everyone to take the test. And if we're lucky, we can force everyone to take the vaccine once that comes out. Yay!  You're all about forcing things on other people, huh? Are you going to be so keen on it when someone is trying to force you to do something you don't want to do?
Absolutely true, it's why nurses get headaches and dizzy at work from wearing them for hours at a time. Breathing carbon dioxide is really really bad for your health.  They also don't work to stop the spread. This article is from the New England Journal of Medicine:  [https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2006372](https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2006372)
took a test last week at the CVS drive thru.  if you think thats 6 inches, you must be a dude.
1-You gave medical advice with your first comment...and it's wrong.  Masks do not negatively affect your body, except if your lungs are so bad you cannot breathe through a a mask, then you should not be leaving your house during this time for any frivolous reason as getting Covid will kill you.   2- Yep.  But nobody on here is practicing medicine, nor is the city of Raleigh with their mask requirement.  3- No, there is not a law.  But businesses can enforce the guidelines and people can choose not to go there if they are unwilling to wear a mask.  4- If they won't wear a mask, they can get curbside or order online for delivery. Businesses had a right to require that even before Raleigh said so.  5- Nobody is being discriminated against for having to wear a mask to come into an establishment since there are alternatives to getting services from a business.  They are not required to allow you in without a mask.  signed,  a doctor of medicine
oh no! someone who doesn’t have regard for others’ health will be far away? oh no!
Win win!
😢
We are living in la-la land here. Total denial.
And yet they wonder why we have things like regulations - when given the option to do the right thing, all too frequently people will do the lowest-effort thing instead.  Maybe if people showed they can be responsible and respectful of others in the community, we wouldn't need negative consequences like that!
I can’t find any sources to support that so I would take it with a grain of salt. I’m open to being proven wrong but the most relevant article I could find on the topic was from 4 weeks ago and said the whole city had issued 25 citations, made no mention of what the cost is, and had a quote from police officers that they prefer to take a “compassionate approach”.   [link](https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/SFPD-25-tickets-violating-public-health-order-15287187.php)
“Behind every law is the threat of a gun.”
I doubt this would ever happen. That said, there's an argument for someone to be given a citation/fine (not arrested) who repeatedly ignores warnings to comply with the law.
I've seen people denied entry to businesses and, in my limited sample size, it just seemed to make them dig their heels deeper into their anti-mask views
tickets are very effective. People will change their behavior very quick if it means the hassle of fines which if ignored could spiral out of control. Most people have a price and that price is $100.
Maybe it gives businesses a nice person to stand behind if they require you wear a mask before entering. Basically - we need to comply to the law, don't blame Lowes or whatever.
Ah yes, those pesky rioters from over two weeks ago, we definitely need to find them and enforce the mask wearing policy.
Now do your mom!
Jesus. This is so frightening and breathtakingly unfair for at-risk hospitality workers forced back to work.
As opposed to someone seeing a graphic on the internet, accepting it unquestioningly as the truth, and asserting it in a discussion?  It's fairly clear from experts that wearing masks frustrates the infection rate.  The graphic I mentioned made claims as to the degree of that effect.  I caveated that I wasn't sure as to the accuracy of the claims and then provided them for people to assess on their own.
Damn, you're out here getting downvoted in all of these threads. You would think after all of these people disagreeing with you something of value would stick to that smooth brain of yours, guess not.  Edit: u/thegraverobber is a coward who deletes his comments
I agree, I don’t have sympathy for those who will protest the masks, but I do have sympathy for those who will have to take care of their dumbasses when they get sick. So no the problem will not take care of itself. They need to be convinced to wear the mask for the sake of everyone else.
Your excuses are so lame, constitutional harm, physical harms, blah blah blah, please, grow up, you wear the mask when you go to the grocery store for example, not all day, not when you're home or driving... so your physical, constitutional, psychological and other things are extended to what? 2 hours on a grocery trip?, 10 hours/week? 12?  Boohoo, you're making me wear a mask, you're oppressing me, my body my choice (only when is convenient of course).  You want evidence? how's [mayo clinic](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/coronavirus-mask/art-20485449) for evidence? what about [cleveland clinic?](https://health.clevelandclinic.org/heres-how-wearing-a-cloth-mask-helps-fight-the-spread-of-coronavirus/) not enough? just [Google](https://lmgtfy.com/?q=evidence+masks+work) it, not enough yet? then nothing will convince you...   Countries that wear masks during flu season, like HK have lower flu cases than countries that don't, just do your research instead of coming with a condescending reply, masks work, masks help reduce the spread, no, so grow up and do it for others... I'm going to use the same words of the dumbass in the the WH, the orange dude, when he was saying to take hydroxychloroquine (even with evidence that it didn't work), just do it, wear a mask, it might work, you never know.  It;s better to exaggerate and 6 months from now complain, than do nothing and 6 months from now have over 100K deaths... oh wait, we felt oppressed and in violation of our rights, and now we're the country with the most cases and deaths... we're oppressed!!!! let's sacrifice our elders to save Wall Street.  Your way to think is so selfish and self centered, wear a mask and deal with your psychological trauma that the mask will cause you later... I've been wearing a mask and I feel fine, when is the physical and psychological damage supposed to kick in? how are my constitutional rights oppressed again?
Costco gives them out at the door fwiw.
 this has been disproved for months. The mortality rate is 10x the flu at least and much more contagious due to the asymptomatic spreading
It's not in Durham and specifically spelled out as such. Masks are being asked to be worn when social distancing is not possible.
Is there a good scientific reason why these activities would be exempt?
This isn’t true at all.  There is a huge and very active movement calling to abolish the police entirely. Supported by research and even notable figure heads (Angela Davis as an example). Whether or not you or anyone else agrees is one thing. But it is a thing regardless.  Edited to say: this also calls to remove the prison industrial complex in its entirety
Oh thanks.  I was supporting the wrong idea- that less tax revevue should be allocated to the police so that they don't abuse monetary resources, and that those monies be funneled into support for minority communities.  Oops.
Shoutout to a fellow ex-nyer. Moved here last year from Queens and I'm loving it.
Thank you for sharing that.  I'd a bit concerned though, because what would be the point of drawing up an ordinance if they do not intend to enforce it via any penalty or punishment?    I don't associate with being a libertarian, but I don't like the idea of having of superfluous laws and ordinances in place only so that police can use them at their "discretion" (aka abuse).  It just seems like another "air-freshener in the windshield" type of situation, to me.  Maybe I'm wrong.
Pretty sure he was trolling, actually.
okay this was funny
I don't think you have to do the scratch your brain swab anymore either.
Many, many articles would destroy your statement #1   OSHA defines as oxygen deficient any atmosphere that contains less than 19.5 percent oxygen, and as oxygen enriched, any atmosphere that contains more than 22 percent.   FACT: Masks drag oxygen levels below 19.5 percent, which can cause irreversible damage or even death.  If you are a doctor, you are a bad one and should resign before you hurt someone with your ignorant advise.  &#x200B;  signed,  &#x200B;  An independent thinker who doesn't blindly follow the media, Fauci, or Birx.....or arrogant doctors of medicine
Says the person who ignores the science that says COVID-19 is just a bad flu, while at the same time advocating for people to be forced at the barrel of a gun to wear masks.
Good that it’s reasonably enforced. Just fine those who resist.
You forgot the "-whoever you are quoting"
I am all for enforcing the law, but this one just seems unenforceable without huge backlash.  I think the most they could do is have every officer carry a supply of masks and hand them to anyone not wearing one.
There should also be fines for people who ignore science while at the same time advocate for the violation of people's right to choose what they do with their own body. I mean, it sure sounds like you wish people would be violently arrested and/or murdered (if they refuse arrest) for a virus that literally all the university studies and the CDC say is as deadly as a bad flu.
Good. I'm totally fine with anyone getting all their stuff delivered now or at anytime.  Businesses and individuals shouldn't be making public health decisions.
That's a lot of extra work and exposure for the police so I sort of don't blame them, but something has to give. This has already gone on too long.
I’m just saying why was the law not enforced on them? Were they too dangerous?  The police are weak if they only enforce (new and unconstitutional) laws on peaceful citizens, and not those breaking laws that have been around since the dawn of day, like those against destroying the commons.
Plot twist. OP has 2 dads.
Burnnnnnnn
Oh and there's this:    OSHA defines as oxygen deficient any atmosphere that contains less than 19.5 percent oxygen, and as oxygen enriched, any atmosphere that contains more than 22 percent.   Use your common sense, you might find it when you take the mask off and actually breathe the required % of oxygen to function properly and in a healthy way.   You need to grow up and try researching what you spew out to people who don't know any better. Stop watching TV also, it's controlling your psyche
Seriously?? Do you realize that people have to wear masks for 8, 10, or 12 hour shifts?? You need to stop watching TV and listening and believing everything the talking heads tell you. My post is based on research, yours is based on BS mind control......NEXT
The CDC literally wrote this month that the fatality rate is 0.26%. Stop spreading misinformation. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html  Not only that, but the official death numbers themselves are extremely misleading.  The CDC states that only 8,000 people have died from just COVID-19 by itself. The other 110,000 people had on average 2 or 3 comorbidities https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/.   And further, it is CDC's official policy to count everyone who dies *with* COVID-19 as dying *from* COVID-19 https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvss/coronavirus/Alert-2-New-ICD-code-introduced-for-COVID-19-deaths.pdf.  "COVID-19 should be reported on the death certificate for all decedents where the disease caused **or is assumed to have caused or contributed to death**. Certifiers should include as much detail as possible based on their knowledge of the case, medical records, laboratory testing, etc.  If the decedent had other chronic conditions such as COPD or asthma that may have also contributed, these conditions can be reported in Part II."  The CDC literally says that even if a person is simply assumed to have died from COVID-19, then they should be officially considered to have died from COVID-19.
And City of Raleigh and/or Wake's policy would be patterned after Durham's?
I'm not a scientist so unfortunately, I can't answer that question.  I just know that if/when I run or bike solo, it would be really difficult to breathe with a mask on while exercising... especially when it's already hard to breathe with the extreme humidity we've been having.
Not science - but runners and bikers don't spend a lot of time in close proximity to others. Passing briefly within 6 feet is unlikely to leave enough virus to get anyone sick, even if the biker or runner is loudly singing opera.
you're right, its not the brain scrape anymore. youre still hitting your back walls and spinning but it's not as bad.
you are a moron who doesn't know his ass from his elbow.  Surgeons wear masks all god dang day and none of them are keeling over.  so, you go get the covid and then see how well you are breathing...or not breathing.... your choice.
It is amusing (read:sad) that the clearly outlined enforcement mechanism is education and you just compared it to the barrel of a gun.  I guess it does clarify your stance on education!
Lol I can’t remember who it was, but I just wanted to make it clear it wasn’t me.
It’s honestly mind boggling to me how much backlash masks have gotten. Putting in the *tiniest* fucking effort to contain a virus nobody has immunity to has become a huge political issue to the point that there were armed protests against it. I know I should be used to shit like this by now but it still blows my mind.
What part of "given a citation/fine (not arrested)" makes you think I'm in favor of "violent arrest and/or murder"?
no one said it was going to be easy but there needs to be a force to curb unsafe behavior. I agree, the alternative is much worse.
Uh, the cops were shooting people with rubber bullets and using chemical weapons. The arsonists were arrested. Do you mean why didn't we have mass arrests? You really think that was the smart way to deal with the situation? That would be more blatantly unconstitutional than making people wear a mask and stay home, you "constitution" people really enjoy ignoring the 5 amendments that come before the 9th.   You're right that the police are weak tho, they didn't arrest a single one of the ReOpen NC demonstrators out breaking NC's ban on weapons at protests.
 “I think it’s highly unlikely that you would pass out from a lack of oxygen with a cloth mask, which generally doesn’t fit tightly to your face. When you exhale or inhale, air can go around the mask as well through the pores in the material. This is why a cloth mask does not absolutely protect you from inhaling the virus, but by disturbing your exhalation flow it tends to protect those around you from aerosols in your breath.”  From  [https://www.health.com/condition/infectious-diseases/coronavirus/does-wearing-face-mask-increase-co2-levels](https://www.health.com/condition/infectious-diseases/coronavirus/does-wearing-face-mask-increase-co2-levels)   I have to wear a mask 40 hours a week due to work. Is it uncomfortable, yeah kinda but you don't hear me bitching about having to wear one for 30 minutes while out shopping for groceries. I wear my mask in and outside of work to protect other people. You're just uninformed and selfish. Also you're not providing any sources for your claims so i'm going to assume your babbling is offhand speculation absorbed through facebook.
Sure, sure, go back to your psychological harm and tell us how oppressed you are, poor you... Hey, people, he's being oppressed here, and the mask is causing him a mental breakdown
The virus has killed over 100,000 Americans. You are downplaying Covid by saying that the majority of them died because they had a combination of Covid and something else (such as another illness, being old, etc.). What value does this distinction provide? How does that make Covid less of a big deal in your mind?     And by the way, the death numbers are likely undercounted.  &#x200B;  [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/05/12/fauci-puts-it-bluntly-coronavirus-deaths-are-undercounted/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/05/12/fauci-puts-it-bluntly-coronavirus-deaths-are-undercounted/)  [https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/21/world/coronavirus-missing-deaths.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/21/world/coronavirus-missing-deaths.html)
"The CDC literally wrote this month that the fatality rate is 0.26%. Stop spreading misinformation. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html"  .26% of the US population, which is over 328 million, is around 850,000 people. That's a lot of potential deaths based on the number you provided.  There are over 2.2 million cases in the US alone, and almost 120k deaths. That is over a 5% death rate. And mind you, this is all in a span of 6 months or so.  The CDC estimates between 24,000 – 62,000 influenza deaths in a 6 month span from October 1, 2019 to April 4th 2020. Were sitting at 120k COVID deaths right now which would put COVID anywhere from around 2 - 5x deadlier that the flu. If you look at the graph at the bottom of the source I linked, you'll see that cases of the flu spiked right around the time COVID was presumed to have made it's way to the US. How many of those influenza cases were actually COVID since we had such an issue with available tests?  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/preliminary-in-season-estimates.htm   "The CDC states that only 8,000 people have died from just COVID-19 by itself. The other 110,000 people had on average 2 or 3 comorbidities [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid\_weekly/](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/)"  The other 110,000 people all wouldn't have died from just their comorbidities. Covid exacerbated previous conditions and killed these people. These are the compromised people everyone is referring to protecting by wearing a mask. Do people lose their sense of smell and taste from a bad flu? No. More people have died in the US alone due to COVID in 6 months than the entire length of World War 1 which was 4 years long.  But honestly, I don't think you'll give a shit about anything I just typed out. Go ahead and keep thinking the way you do, you are absolutely part of the problem.
Sounds like you'd have to avoid those activities in public spaces I guess?
Yes. Well put.
Surgeons wear masks during surgery, not ALL day long you mindless twerp. Plus I didn't sign up to be a surgeon.....sorry.  I'll take the chance with catching the mild flu. Actually since I stopped getting vaccines back in 1992, AND I haven't caught the friggin flu since....weird? Not really. Wake up and stop letting the news and fakebook and your favorite politician control your mind.  I'll continue to enjoy fresh air....if you choose to continue re-breathing carbon dioxide and smelling your own breath, be my guest ;)
Yeah, it blows my fuckin' mind.  People are so stupid
It is crazy for sure.  I wear mine whenever I leave the house and have to get out of the car anywhere.  I'd say the majority don't wear them and the city making it mandatory won't likely change that much.
Everything will be partisan for the rest of our lives.
A lot of that is due to Forrest. As soon as Cooper took action and started quarantine, Forrest saw the opportunity to throw Cooper under the bus to try and kill his chances of re election.
>Imagine the shit storm if police began forcefully arresting anyone not wearing a mask.        > I doubt this would ever happen. That said, there's an argument  That indicates that you wish it would.  Either way, you either support someone being violently arrested or violently extorted, and you wish for the ability to force someone to do something to their own body against their will, for a virus that literally all the university studies and the CDC say is as deadly as a bad flu.
There are two kinds of people out there right now. Destroyers and defenders. Don’t pretend that’s the same thing.  If I bring a gun to defend, that’s different from you bringing a Molotov cocktail to destroy.  What people are tricked into believing is a white vs black issue is actually a decent vs indecent issue, a defender vs destroyer issue, a shield vs sword issue.  The indecent, destroying swords have had their fun, and now it’s going to end. People don’t realize this is exactly what caused the crusades.  Terrible people took advantage of the Crusades :/ and that’s horrible. But the Crusades happened because of years of allowing the enemy push and destroy and torment. Eventually, you have to fight back.  If we had DEFENDED properly from the start, nobody would have to fight back.  There’s still hope to squash this, but pick your side: decent or indecent? Defender or destroyer? Shield or sword?
You can wear a mask if you want to....I ain't mad at you just sharing facts. I, on the other hand will not comply, because it's all a psyop. Wake up.....or not, just keep smelling your own breath for all I care. I work 12 hour shifts and I wear my mask on my chin........OSHA tells us that oxygen deprivation is VERY bad. I'm not spreading misinfo, only facts. But you can keep being you, and I'll be me. There will never be a law making us wear masks, only recommendations. Problem is folks like you shaming people for exercising their rights. Shame on you for being a commie order follower.....the most dangerous US citizen   I happen to enjoy fresh air.....sorry
You are part of the bonafide sheep. I'm not having a mental breakdown because I don't comply with stupid orders. I happen to care about the misinformed.  This is a psyop....please wake up!
Thank you for taking the time to explain.  This makes more sense now.     and do you want turkey bacon?  Or just bacon bacon?
They're outdoor activities mostly, and we are being told the infection rate is much lower outdoors.
Are you joking? Do you honestly think a doctor is getting their opinions from their politician about health? The answer is hell fucking no they aren’t.
surgeries that sometimes last 12 hours....yeah that is all day that we wear our masks.  Yes, you are definitely not a surgeon.  If there is a ventilator available should you so need it, or one of your loved ones, it will suck to be on it. Good luck to you and yours.  I will wear my mask not only during surgery but while I am out and about because I have the intelligence and decency to do so.  Meanwhile get your head out of your ass....that smells way worse than my breath.
And selfish. Can’t forget selfish.
Oh my gosh, I'm so tired of all these "It's the same as a bad flu" people. It seems less deadly than previously reported with the initial 2%-6% fatality, but it's still deadly.  1. There is no vaccine for COVID right now. There is for the flu.  2. The 2019-2020 flu season had around 24,000-62,000 flu deaths. COVID has already killed around 120,000 Americans by June.  3. There's at least 4 antivirals for the flu. We don't entirely know for sure yet the effective treatments for COVID.  4. COVID transmits at a greater rate than a "bad flu"  This is a disease that's more lethal than a bad flu. Is way more infectious. And has less treatment available for it at a time when our medical infrastructure is at risk of being overwhelmed.  Sources: https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/question-and-answers-hub/q-a-detail/q-a-similarities-and-differences-covid-19-and-influenza  https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/fullarticle/2766121  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/treatment/whatyoushould.htm  https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/datastat/index.html  https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/situation-reports/20200306-sitrep-46-covid-19.pdf?sfvrsn=96b04adf_4
I'm just saying, why was the law not enforced on them? Were they too dangerous?   [The police are weak if they only enforce (new and unconstitutional) laws on peaceful citizens](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article243145206.html), and not those breaking laws that have been around since the [dawn of the country](https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article242480531.html) like not brandishing weapons to terrorize the public.   You can make grand warrior metaphors all day but when it comes down to it, you're not making any more sense by doing so. Especially considering [the discrepancy between what's decided to be a shield](https://triad-city-beat.com/black-men-arrested/). Guns in white hands are shields but guns in black hands are swords? Ok, Reagan.
What's so hard about wearing a piece of cloth over your face to protect other people from potentially dying due to your negligence? That's so incredibly selfish. But you don't seem to care. I am not the problem, you most definitely are.
LMAO, sorry dude... misinformed, psyops, let's do this, you live in your fantasy world where everything is an evil plot, and I live in mine, where nothing is. You go out and not wear a mask, I'll wear mine, deal?, lol, psyops, you also believe that the virus is an evil plot to kick Trump out of office right?
Turkey bacon isn't bacon.  Sigh.  Why do I have to explain this??!!
The surgeon referenced in this article disagrees with you.   [https://www.jpost.com/health-science/could-wearing-a-mask-for-long-periods-be-detrimental-to-health-628400](https://www.jpost.com/health-science/could-wearing-a-mask-for-long-periods-be-detrimental-to-health-628400)   You do not speak intelligently.   You are blindly giving me, and anyone else who reads your post medical advice. You do this without first examining them to determine if they are physically fit to wear a mask. Be careful doctor.  BTW, I would never let a ventilator near me or any of my loved ones........jussayin.
>Oh my gosh, I'm so tired of all these "It's the same as a bad flu" people. It seems less deadly than previously reported with the initial 2%-6% fatality, but it's still deadly.  Are you disagreeing with the CDC? Because the CDC says that it's about as deadly as the flu, a 0.26% IFR. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html  Practically all the scientific studies and antibody testing data show that it's about as deadly as the flu. Why do you ignore these studies? If you're not basing your decisions around science, then what are you basing your decisions on? You have provided absolutely nothing to counter the specific studies and data provided.  "In an analysis, Dr. John Ioannidis places the fatality rate between 0.02%-0.4%, far lower than the 1%-and-way-up numbers that were once bandied about – and much closer to the 0.1% death rate of the flu. “While COVID-19 is a formidable threat, the fact that its IFR (infection fatality rate) is much lower than originally feared, is a welcome piece of evidence,” he wrote. “At a very broad, bird’s eye view level, worldwide the IFR of COVID-19 this season may be in the same ballpark as the IFR of influenza.” https://www.mercurynews.com/2020/05/20/stanford-researcher-says-coronavirus-isnt-as-fatal-as-we-thought-critics-say-hes-missing-the-point/  Here's Ioannidis' study from Stanford, which found that coronavirus is about 18x-52x less deadly than thought https://pressroom.usc.edu/preliminary-results-of-usc-la-county-covid-19-study-released/  Here is a separate study from USC which replicated Stanford's findings. https://pressroom.usc.edu/preliminary-results-of-usc-la-county-covid-19-study-released/  And a third study from Massachusetts University with near identical findings. https://www.bostonglobe.com/2020/04/17/business/nearly-third-200-blood-samples-taken-chelsea-show-exposure-coronavirus/  Two top Italian doctors in Milan, one of who was doctor to former Italian PM, say coronavirus is no longer of clinical significance in Italy. “In reality, the virus clinically no longer exists in Italy,” said Alberto Zangrillo, the head of the San Raffaele Hospital in Milan in the northern region of Lombardy, which has borne the brunt of Italy’s coronavirus contagion. “The swabs that were performed over the last 10 days showed a viral load in quantitative terms that was absolutely infinitesimal compared to the ones carried out a month or two months ago,” he told RAI television. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-italy-virus/new-coronavirus-losing-potency-top-italian-doctor-says-idUSKBN2370OQ    And a German government official says it was a global false alarm https://www.globalresearch.ca/german-official-leaks-report-denouncing-corona-global-false-alarm/5714528  And yet another more recent study that found it's 5x less deadly than predicted https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.21.108308v1  You said: "The 2019-2020 flu season had around 24,000-62,000 flu deaths. COVID has already killed around 120,000 Americans by June."  Actually, the flu number is an estimate, while the COVID-19 is allegedly not an estimate. The CDC says they don't know the actual number of deaths from the flu, and they base their estimate on mathematical modeling, which they admit are subject to limitations.   "The estimates of the cumulative burden of seasonal influenza are subject to several limitations."[...] "CDC does not know the exact number of people who have been sick and affected by influenza because influenza is not a reportable disease in most areas of the United States. However, these numbers are estimated using a mathematical model, based on observed rates of laboratory-confirmed influenza-associated hospitalizations."https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/preliminary-in-season-estimates.htm. Similar kind of mathematical modeling as the Imperial College models that were recently shown to be extremely wrong.   The CDC also says that the number of estimated flu deaths is likely underreported.  "First, the cumulative rate of laboratory-confirmed influenza-associated hospitalizations reported during the season may be an under-estimate of the rate at the end of the season because of identification and reporting delays."  Only 8,000 people died from just COVID-19 alone, with no other comorbidities https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/. The other 110,000 deaths were people with on average 2 or 3 comorbidities. Not only this, but it is CDC policy to officially count anyone who dies *with* COVID-19 as having died *from* COVID-19. https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvss/coronavirus/Alert-2-New-ICD-code-introduced-for-COVID-19-deaths.pdf?fbclid=IwAR3JKBuqyZOaRfAndVlOUgQh0YbT7MSwariuAJDlRuk4N-WsNTSnibt0zZs  So basically, the CDC admits that they are likely undercounting regular flu deaths while overcounting COVID-19 deaths.  Our public health policy decisions must be based on science, especially when the policy would be to mandate that people do a specific thing with their own body.
It all depends on the motive. I saw many black men defending their businesses with guns. Conservatives cheered them on, CNN barely reported on it.  You’re being brainwashed
It's unnecessary and unhealthy. Masks do not prevent the spread of viruses according to several reputable sources. They cause way more harm than good. I'm not being selfish but I'm trying to inform people for their own good.
Uhhhm no I don't believe that any President is actually elected, they are selected.  Look at all the stupid presidential candidates for the last 20 years, it's ridiculous! Did you really want Killary as commander in chief?? Be honest, they are all part of the system that needs to go. Folks need to wake up first, unfortunately, MSM, google, fakebook and everything else people are glued to have brainwashed the masses.  Wear whatever you want....a wig, a dress....hey this is America and I'll wear what I decide....not what YOU or ANYONE else decides....OK??   &#x200B;  Holy crap it's like crackiong a safe getting through to the mind controlled.....Hell, I tried! :)
Did you get your username from Parks and Rec by chance?
good for you! you found a an antivaxxer, pseudoscience peddler, conspiracy theorist to worship! good luck with that if you get sick.  I clearly cannot educate an ineducable individual such as yourself.
How am I being "brainwashed?" Cool, CNN sucks and aren't representative of black people, we been knew. We've had to arm ourselves for years to protect our homes and rights. You know what happens when we do? Gun control happens. [Nationwide manhunts happen](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_F._Williams). Cops *actually arrest us* instead of just bringing out a copy of the statute or [warning us before they start arresting other groups](https://www.insider.com/police-salem-oregon-protesters-stay-inside-curfew-proud-boys-white-2020-6).   But apparently the police enforcing sensible laws is more unjust and I've just been brainwashed to think getting tear gassed for standing with my hands up is worse.
Unless you have respiratory issues, extended mask use is not harmful. I pulled this quote directly from snopes.com   "However, people wearing cloth or surgical masks are in little to no danger of breathing in unhealthy amounts of carbon dioxide."  If you are wearing an n95 mask literally all day, then yes you may have some issues. If you are wearing a surgical/cloth mask while out and about (shopping, haircuts, anywhere you cannot social distance) you will be totally fine.  No one is claiming masks prevent the virus. What they do is help reduce the spread of it via droplets when coughing, sneezing, breathing, talking. So yes, not wearing one is selfish.  You said you had sources to back your claims. Would you mind providing them so I can debunk whatever facebook posts or youtube videos you have been consuming?
Lmao
Seriously?? This man is a retired neurosurgeon. Nothing to worship there, although I will say that he is a smart individual who uses facts to back up his claims, and not with buzz words or name calling. I didn't come to you for "education"....you came at me with misinformation that has been debunked.
I think the cops should enforce all sensible laws. The rioters were not having the law enforced on them. Actually, a group of them took over a part of Seattle and is still occupying it.
I'd he happy to send you my sources. If you use Snopes for truth, you are seriously misguided. BTW, I don't use fakebook I'll get back to you with some real information, stay tuned
Straight from the New England Journal of Medicine:  "We know that wearing a mask outside health care facilities offers little, if any, protection from infection. Public health authorities define a significant exposure to Covid-19 as face-to-face contact within 6 feet with a patient with symptomatic Covid-19 that is sustained for at least a few minutes (and some say more than 10 minutes or even 30 minutes). The chance of catching Covid-19 from a passing interaction in a public space is therefore minimal. In many cases, the desire for widespread masking is a reflexive reaction to anxiety over the pandemic." Here's link if you want to check out the entire read: https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2006372   Straight from the U.S. Surgeon General  @Surgeon_General  Feb 29  Seriously people- STOP BUYING MASKS! They are NOT effective in preventing general public from catching #Coronavirus, but if healthcare providers can’t get them to care for sick patients, it puts them and our communities at risk! http://bit.ly/37Ay6Cm  WHO stands by recommendation to not wear masks if you are not sick or not caring for someone who is sick  Here's the cnn article: https://www.cnn.com/2020/03/30/world/coronavirus-who-masks-recommendation-trnd/index.html   11) US Department of Labor — OSHA:  ”Oxygen deficient is any atmosphere that contains less than19.5%.” This happens when the oxygen is displaced by inert gas such as CARBON DIOXIDE and is the leading cause of FATALITIES.”   Here is the OSHA link: https://www.osha.gov/SLTC/etools/shipyard/shiprepair/confinedspace/oxygendeficient.html  And many many more, but I'm not going to waste any more time with you because you won't get it even with facts.  I'm not being selfish, I'm just very informed and research everything the government or media tells me. Everyone should do that. Snopes is a propaganda tool, understand that and find the facts yourself.
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/masks-dangerous-health/  Here is the article I was referring to. All of the source material they used to come to that conclusion is cited throughout the page from credible sources. Read through it yourself if you dont believe me. You're just plain wrong and I don't think I can change your mind.

Major COVID-19 antibody study finally released (very informative)
[WRAL is reporting that NC's first major antibody study has come back](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/antibody-study-shows-more-people-infected-with-coronavirus-in-nc-than-numbers-show/19150903/) and it's showing that around 10% of antibody tests came back positive.>"We are getting very good evidence that most people who get infected are asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic," Sanders said. "Some of these people are feeling it a little bit – a scratchy throat, a little cough – but most of the people in our study had very few symptoms."&#x200B;>"We can say that 10 to 20 times the number of people who have an identified case have antibodies to the infection," he said.This is the first large antibody study I've found since early/mid April. And I guess it can be taken as a good news/bad news type of thing.**The bad news:** It seems like they are saying while NC is showing 48k cases, it's probably more like 481k to 950k, which is crazy. This virus has likely been around longer than we've thought or it's more contagious than we've thought (or both).**The good news:** This would bring the death rate to between 0.2% and 0.1% (close to CDC's estimation which was lowered about a month ago). That's in line with other more common respiratory viruses. Meaning if these numbers are correct, if you get COVID your chances of survival  are about the same as your chances of survival if you get the flu. However, this seems much more contagious, so many more people will be faced with those odds (which is why this virus is so dangerous to the immunocompromised who have a far higher death rate if they contract any virus).***Disclaimer:*** *In full transparency, I do have an agenda for making these COVID-19 posts. That agenda is to share as much data and information as I can, attempt to put it in context and open up a civil conversation for the community to talk about these findings on this virus that is affecting our daily lives and our community on a daily basis. That is it. As always I hope to get some more information from you all on what you perceive this to mean and how it affects how we in Raleigh and the Triangle view the risk factors of COVID.*
I did the anti-body test while giving blood and the person taking my blood said the test is only around 60% accurate.  What the hell?
Maybe its just me but i was kind of hoping this study and a few others i have seen reports of would come back with higher numbers of folks who have had it.  if it really is only in the neighborhood of 10% we got a long long way to go.  Seems if its that few have been infected and its caused as many problems as it has there is even more reason to keep things mostly shut down and for those who cant or wont to be very good about mask and social distancing.
Not too much data has been released from this, but here is what WFU has public facing:  https://www.wakehealth.edu/Coronavirus/COVID-19-Community-Research-Partnership/Updates-and-Data  It's difficult to make any real assessments with the low number of patients enrolled in the study, and the high false positive rate of the antibody test.  https://www.discovermagazine.com/health/covid-19-antibody-testing-tougher-than-true-false  Unfortunately all that can be taken from this study so far is that we still don't have enough information and need to keep wearing masks, as the doc says.  If the population is truly only 8% positive, we are a long way from the 80%+ needed for any sort of 'herd' immunity.
Does anyone know how I could partake in any studies or free testing? I’d love to get a result and I’m fine consenting to my data being shared but don’t have insurance and would rather not shell out $150.
Ugh. Your conclusions are not quite accurate man, but thank you for your disclaimer.   > The bad news: It seems like they are saying while NC is showing 48k cases, it's probably more like 481k to 950k, which is crazy. This virus has likely been around longer than we've thought or it's more contagious than we've thought (or both).  'Seems' like is a good statement. If you look at the actual data set (or at least all that Wake Forest is providing), along with the [previous article](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article242605846.html) you can't make that conclusion yet. Only 17,000 of 500,000 people have been tested, almost all within the Piedmont, from a non-random sample set.   > The good news: This would bring the death rate to between 0.2% and 0.1% (close to CDC's estimation which was lowered about a month ago). That's in line with other more common respiratory viruses. Meaning if these numbers are correct, if you get COVID your chances of survival are about the same as your chances of survival if you get the flu. However, this seems much more contagious, so many more people will be faced with those odds (which is why this virus is so dangerous to the immunocompromised who have a far higher death rate if they contract any virus).  Incorrect. The IFR of COVID has been around 0.4% since April, and more work is showing that. That's different than the CFR rate. 0.4% is 4x more deadly than the flu, and for elderly patients (those over say 65), IFR goes up to 30%+. The flu infects only 8% of the population per year. COVID can infect 80%.   All that can be said of the early data is exactly what Dr. Sanders said:   > “I’m not making any suggestion to the governor about what needs to be open or closing, but I am making a great plea to everybody that we take a lot of care of each other," he said. "We need to stay 6 feet apart. We need to wear masks. We need to stay away from our elders."
If this virus is a lot more pervasive than we thought, it means it is also less deadly than we thought. This study is not cause for alarm.
10% is pretty high! My big question from this is "what do antibodies tell us"? Like is that immunity? If it's not immunity does it at least help?
Personally, this information seems to make sense to me bc it's  in line with antibody findings in most other places. It also opens up a lot of questions that I'm not sure are really answered yet. So I will continue to research.  \- **So how do antibodies work for this virus?** We know present antibodies protect against re-infection, but how long do those last? [A recent NYT article weighed in on a study](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/18/health/coronavirus-antibodies.html).  It seems to suggest asymptomatic patient's antibodies last about 2-3 months. The study NYT cites, only looked at asymptomatic patients, so they go on to say they aren't sure for symptomatic patients, but in similar viruses such as SARS and MERS, the antibodies last one year. HOWEVER, they also say this...  >The conclusion does not necessarily mean that these people (the asymptomatic patients that lost antibodies after 3 months) can be infected a second time, several experts cautioned. Even low levels of powerful neutralizing antibodies may still be protective, as are the immune system’s T cells and B cells.   >   >But the results offer a strong note of caution against the idea of “immunity certificates” for people who have recovered from the illness, the authors suggested.  \- **Does this mean we won't have a TRUE vaccine?** And instead, we'll have a yearly 'best guess' vaccine as we have for the flu?  \- **If it's likely that we won't get a true vaccine, does it change the way we approach this virus from a societal standpoint?**  I know these questions are pretty much unanswerable but just wanted to throw them out there to create discussion and see if others had a different take.
I was hopeful this would be about antibodies conferring immunity. I don't get why we aren't seeing more about it because it seems a lot of people are resting their hats on "herd immunity" which might not be valid with this virus.
Do we have the demographics on new Covid cases in Raleigh?  In Durham, Hispanics are vastly over-represented in June Covid cases (they only make up 14% of population, while making up **73%** of cases)  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/28d63775a4fd44d3991fd517b3925438  That data sheet also tells you cases by job occupations. Construction jobs (which are indoor and outdoors) are largely responsible for the uptick in cases
While it definitely appears that there are multitudes more people who have had the virus than we know (which is a good thing in the long run), I can't find any information on whether this study was random or not. If it wasn't, then a significant portion of the people they tested probably had reason to believe they had been exposed to the virus, which is different than a wide ranging random study that finds that 10% of the overall population has antibodies. So you can't just take the number of infections and multiply it by 10 or 20.
As others have noted or will note.  Antibody test accuracy has been widely debated.  The Scanwell test being used for this study isn't even authorized through EUA by the FDA.  The belief that IFR is 0.1% is overly optimistic.  With 30,000 deaths in NY and a population of 20 million, even if everyone in NY state has already had the virus you have a IFR of 0.15%.
Ok, but how do we know the antibody tests are accurate? I’ve seen from a lot of sources that the current ab tests available are having a lot of false positives. Admittedly I haven’t looked much into this. Maybe someone knows more?
If this is accurate, then herd immunity is around the corner. All this talk of a vaccine which is likely still over a year away, but ideally I would love to see the virus fade out on its own soon...I'm optimistic that the lowering deaths nationwide is the first bit of evidence of that. I'm sure there will be lingering cases, but man how nice it would be if we could by and large resume our normal lives by Fall.
Wonder what long term effects will be like, if any.
Interesting.
Does anyone have a link to the actual study?
I’m in Winston Salem so I’m just gonna assume our numbers are similar.
We've been seeing that a lot of the antibody tests that were used had a high rate of false positives. How certain are you that false positives in this study didn't affect the outcome of cases?
When do we think that the virus was first in NC?
I know we are the worst species at planning ahead, but my take on this is that this should be a wake-up call to understand just how devastating a viral pandemic can be. Imagine if this one weakens the immune system just so for the next one. We have been fucking with nature for too long, it's gonna get us back and we are hilariously unprepared.
This article is great and you did an amazing job summarizing it. Thank you for sharing it.   Can please, please, please stop editorializing titles and not resort to the YouTube clickbait bullshit "(very informative)"? We don't need sunset pictures with "(aesthetic)" and the next Stayumbl arrest story with "(so satisfying)"
Who put this out. The administration trying to control the story? I am not buying it
This is a good take away if you don't like to read “I’m not making any suggestion to the governor about what needs to be  open or closing, but I am making a great plea to everybody that we take a  lot of care of each other," he said. "We need to stay 6 feet apart. We  need to wear masks. We need to stay away from our elders."  Maybe this story will help you if you are on the fence about caring:  [https://www.wral.com/healthy-teenager-who-took-precautions-died-suddenly-of-covid-19/19151743/](https://www.wral.com/healthy-teenager-who-took-precautions-died-suddenly-of-covid-19/19151743/)
Interesting, I've been watching the published data from Texas which is just showing a hair over 4% coming back positive in antibody testing, I wonder why our numbers would be so drastically different.
This is very good news IMHO. It could very well mean that herd immunity is indeed working.   Knowing this makes the lock-downs and crazy societal and economic damage seem highly unreasonable.
Duh
I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but a person in biotech who I hold in high repute said that he believes these antibody tests have a higher margin of error than would normally be allowed, and one of the main drivers for companies like LabCorp to be pushing them is to get a revenue stream back online. Based also on some of the stories of false-negatives/positives I've read about, this seems plausible.
Well, that is a too broad statement. The issue with anti-body tests is that your body needs to have developed enough anti-bodies for it to become positive. For COVID, it seems that these test become very accurate (>90%) 20 days after infection.  Until then, you either make a test sensitive which can lead to too false positives or, if you make it less sensitive to false negatives.  Here is a good read about these tests and their accuracy: https://www.the-scientist.com/news-opinion/why-the-accuracy-of-sars-cov-2-antibody-tests-varies-so-much-67513
I have heard this as well. This makes all the data incredibly unreliable. I could flip a coin and my outcome is about the same chance as this test.
Finger prick test or vial of blood to a national lab? I believe the vial to a national lab antibody tests are very accurate. The problem is the variability in the finger prick tests.
The accuracy skew is to falsely report negative for those that are positive, right?  It's  a good distinction to understand. I've heard similar stuff on the general active COVID-19 test as well which is frightening.
Accuracy is a hard thing to understand with tests.  There is the accuracy that describes the test’s ability to detect antibodies if you have them. The opposite scenario is a false negative.  There is also the accuracy that describes the test’s ability to report that no antibodies were found if you have no antibodies. The opposite scenario is a false positive.  Perhaps the testing corporation has the specifics on accuracy, but someone just saying “60% accuracy” is not very, well, accurate.
On the other hand, with our measures, we've gotten the R0 down to 1.1-1.2 in NC. IF (big IF) we could keep that R0 down, you only need 10-17% of people to have antibodies to start seeing the effects of herd immunity. (Math explanation is here: https://plus.maths.org/content/maths-minute-r0-and-herd-immunity)  We probably can't keep the R0 down that low for much longer though... (And I'm not sure if that 1.1-1.2 is properly calculated since there are so many very minor cases)
[The false positive rate is more of an issue when there is a small number of true positive cases in the population.](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/coronavirus-antibody-tests-have-a-mathematical-pitfall/)  As the number of true positives increases, the results are more accurate.    Nothing related to this quote was in the actual university's website, but it is significant.  >“When we first started out, the number of people who had antibodies to COVID was very low in this area, certainly less than 2 percent, maybe less than 1 percent,” Sanders said of the findings in April and early May. “Now, we are at least at 8 percent.”  Assuming that the test itself hasn't changed, and that the demographic of the people who choose to respond to the test is the same, the growth trend is probably something we can trust.  The assumption about the demographic is a fairly big one though, I seem to recall that they had a poor response rate the first time they sent it out.
> Unfortunately all that can be taken from this study so far is that we still don't have enough information and need to keep wearing masks, as the doc says.  This is the 6th or 7th antibody study from around the world that has had near identical findings, which is that COVID-19 is about as dangerous as the flu. And the CDC says the same thing. Lots of doctors, epidemiologists and virologists.  Every single time, someone like you says "oh the study was too small to be taken seriously." Well, a key aspect of the scientific method is reproduction, and while all of the variables might not have been identical, they are close enough to comparable and have been successfully reproduced about 6 or 7 times now.  On the other hand, there are NO random antibody studies that have found COVID-19 to be *more* dangerous than a bad flu season.   All the lockdown orders, mask orders, bailouts -- they were all done on the assumption that COVID-19 had a 3.4% CFR and would kill millions, as the Imperial College predicted. That was obviously wrong.  So what exactly are you basing your decision on when you say we "don't have enough information and need to keep wearing masks"? What science are you using to make this decision? Raw numbers of hospitalizations? Because that's not scientific.    The scientists and doctors say it's about as deadly as the flu, and we have never required masks, lockdowns, or businesses/schools to be closed for that.
Pretty sure The Blood Connection is doing free antibody tests when you donate whole blood.
Labcorp is doing them for $10. Not sure how accurate they are but it’s something to look into
You have sone excellent points. Can you site the source on the 0.4% IFR? Thanks!
>Incorrect. The IFR of COVID has been around 0.4% since April, and more work is showing that. That's different than the CFR rate. 0.4% is 4x more deadly than the flu, and for elderly patients (those over say 65), IFR goes up to 30%+. The flu infects only 8% of the population per year. COVID can infect 80%.   Ugh. No. Wrong. **[The IFR will always be lower than the CFR as long as all deaths are accurately attributed to either the infected or the non-infected class.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Case_fatality_rate)**   "the CFR uses the same numerator but instead divides it by the number of confirmed cases. That is, it indicates the percentage of people that die given that one is infected (and report it). The IFR is identical to the CFR, except that it divides deaths by the total number of people who have been infected. This takes into account people who are infected regardless of whether they report or not. In a world where no cases of the virus went undetected and all of them were reported, the IFR and CFR would be equivalent. However, as we will discuss, this is difficult to achieve because not all infections are accounted for in reality." https://towardsdatascience.com/why-testing-completely-skews-coronavirus-case-fatality-rates-c7cbf53ac4c8  As you can see, if the reported cases are accurate, the IFR *must* be lower than the CFR.  The CDC says the CFR is 0.4% for symptomatic cases. It's 0% for asymptomatic cases, which represent 35% of cases. Meaning the combined CFR is 0.26% according to the CDC. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html
So you don't think this is a good study? Can you show me a better study on antibodies that we have for the state of NC?  In almost every study you can pick apart their sampling. So I get what your concern is, but this information gets us as close to the truth as we're going to get at this point...meaning if we are estimating today, this is our best source of information.  And personally, I don't live in a world where I can afford to wait months and months for information to be 100% accurate. I need to understand what is best available today, use that to come to a conclusion Sure, in doing that I assume more risk of the unknown, but in reward I can go about my life with at least an idea of what is going on around me.  Anyways, the estimated death rate is [right here](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html) on the CDC's website, If there are newer numbers or a different source for these numbers, can you point me to it?  Also, I"m someone who wears a mask, social distances and is very careful around the elderly. At the same time,  I think there is a lot of useful information here, so why just kind of disregard it and act like it changes nothing?  I see that you are really passionate about these conversations. So what do you think we should do. Just social distance, wear masks, and avoid our grandparents forever? What if no vaccine comes. What if antibodies wear off in 3 months like [NYT is suggesting](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/18/health/coronavirus-antibodies.html)? I think learning more and more about the virus will help us make personal decisions if we get to a place where we have to continue as a society and at the same time assess risk in how we can protect ourselves and others.  I find it strange that you are so averse to questions or opinions that aren't exactly in line with what our local leaders are saying. Or discussions on new data that may shift some of the understanding of the virus. I'm sorry if I don't want to take Dr. Cohen or Gov. Cooper's word as 100% factual and accurate. Maybe it's by nature, or maybe it's because information during this entire virus has been constantly shifting as we learn more.  This article on on the virus and thinking for yourself (from Psychology Today) may be a good read for you.[https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-power-slow/202006/why-we-need-think-ourselves](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-power-slow/202006/why-we-need-think-ourselves)
The antibody tests aren’t accurate, the people taking them already assume they have had it (volunteer study) and the study isn’t large enough to make any conclusions
10% isn't correct. It's 10% with the very limited sample size and distribution of sampling (almost exclusively in a small section of the Piedmont).   * Samples are not random (you sign up for the study, which means you already think you had the disease).  * With the small sample size, there is a huge risk of false positives (up to 30% of tests).   * From the onset, the WFU study enrollees were predominantly those who worked in the medical field or are at risk of contracting COVID (messes up results).   * Testing positive doesn't mean you've had COVID. It means you have been exposed to a coronavirus (tons of them out there).   * If you test positive, scientists have zero idea if it infers immunity or how long immunity lasts as the antibody test does not tell you how much of the antibody you have in your system, just that you have it.   * Unfortunately without much much more info we can only listen to the doctors advice "we need to double down on our social distancing efforts".
That is immunity.  Also, my colleagues at LJI published a paper in Cell were they found people were immune without having antibodies. They just had the right T-cells.
I also wondered that, so if say I happen to get a really light load and start building antibodies, will it actually protect me from the virus or because I've had such a light contact is it not really that effective.    I still haven't also seen any study that really talks about viral load and if it has any impact on how sick anyone gets.    Basically I'd like to know if I get some light exposure by touching things but not being sneezed on, later if I do get sneezed directly on, I'm safe.
> Does this mean we won't have a TRUE vaccine? And instead, we'll have a yearly 'best guess' vaccine as we have for the flu?  You ask a really good question. Based on the data I have seen and knowing how the vaccines in clinical stage work, its really really hard to say if they will actually work. Basically the current technology with the vaccine is the vaccine forces your cells to produce viral protein which your immune system says "hey this isn't supposed to be here" and creates an immune response. The protein the vaccine is producing is probably not going to change, so this might be a good method for vaccination. However, it seems like from the data the dose level of vaccine is very important. Too much and your body gets pissed about the protein and over compensates. Too little and you aren't protected. Scientists don't actually know how much antibody it will take to prevent active infection. Additionally with any of these new vaccines there is a small but real risk of off target effects, which could long term increase cancer risks. That's why not rushing vaccine development is so important. The vaccines currently in clinical trials have never been approved in humans.   > If it's likely that we won't get a true vaccine, does it change the way we approach this virus from a societal standpoint?  Not really. If you can social distance long enough, it doesn't seem like COVID has a reservoir 'host', ie it doesn't really infect animals (now if data comes out that it can go from human -> cat -> human again, then we have a real issue) the virus will naturally burn itself out (this happened with both SARS and MERS). I think there is some data showing the R value of COVID is going down (instead of 2 its just over 1 and below 1 the virus will burn itself out) this is due to social distancing measures.   Soooo, if everyone social distances, tries to wear a mask, and cleans their hands a lot, and especially if we can keep old people protected, it might be ok with the least risk to human life loss.   Sorry for the rant, hopefully that helps some!
The biggest hurdle is to even get a vaccine in the first place. Making one and targeting the right immune pathway is incredibly difficult. Example: we got really close to having a vaccine for RSV, a common childhood disease. They started testing it in kids and it ended up causing worse outcomes in the sick kids. So just because you can develop a vaccine it doesn't mean it's going to work the right way once in humans.   Too my knowledge no vaccine has ever been developed for this class of virus to date.   The current vaccine candidate that alot of people are hopeful for is a whole new type of vaccine, mRNA, which has never been done before.   So, there are a ton of hurdles before we can even get to a potential vaccine. Please don't think that a vaccine is a given.
> they only make up 14% of population, while making up 73% of cases  Jesus, that's a huge outlier.  No studies (AFAIK) have shown certain races being predisposed to COVID infection.  This must have to do with lack of masks, social distancing, etc., no?
You are correct on that. We don't know what antibody test WFU is using, if its the same one they were using in early April or anything else.   Remember, these are all mail in kits as well and self reporting. No one is actually going into the doctor's office for this study.   I am not saying the study is 'suspect', but like all scientific experiments, and all news, take with a grain of salt and wait until the results are fully peer reviewed.
Herd immunity takes upwards of 80%+ infection rate. We are years away from herd immunity.   Fall is when COVID is being tracked to spike even more than currently. So unfortunately no, 'normal' will not be coming any time soon.
This is the best I could do:  [https://www.wakehealth.edu/Coronavirus/COVID-19-Community-Research-Partnership/Updates-and-Data](https://www.wakehealth.edu/Coronavirus/COVID-19-Community-Research-Partnership/Updates-and-Data)
My guess is mid to late January based on a few convos I've had with a friend who is a Dr and one who is a PA
Sure, my bad. I personally thought it was very informative because it was data I'd been waiting on for a long time.
I am all about wearing masks and caring for my fellow humans but that is a dogshit article.  They claim he was healthy with no underlying medical conditions but say in the same paragraph he had diabetes and he’s clearly overweight.  It’s an unfortunate story, yes.  But claiming he was healthy and blindsided is disingenuous fear mongering.
I posted an article above. The main issue seems to be that it takes 20days for the body to generate enough anti-bodies so that the test achieves a high accuracy. Normally these test are used e.g. to find out if you ever had a certain infection in your live, so you are well beyond this point. In the current situation you have a high number of people that are below that threshold, hence you have a reduced accuracy.  In addition, the speed at which the body builds up anti-bodies is lower in people with mild infections, hence another reason for reduced accuracy.
I did a blood donation with the Blood Connection.  Not sure who their testing is done by.
Some of the test that were fastest to market were not very accurate since they were "repurposed" existing tests. I know of tests available now that have 100% specificity that are being used on blood donations.
Hey is was just going by what the guy said.  He was telling me on the D.L. which led me to believe I wasn't supposed to hear about it.
Yeah, for New York's antibody study, they literally had to develop their own tests because the ones available were so bad.
The tests for the Wake Forest study are mail in finger prick tests.
Is was through blood donation with the Blood Connection
Yes. It is way more likely that you get a false negative than a false positive. (Going off numbers in my head, but like 20% vs. 2% -- do not take these as truth).
> This is the 6th or 7th antibody study from around the world that has had near identical findings, which is that COVID-19 is about as dangerous as the flu.   I haven not seen a single study that has come to that conclusion. And that makes zero sense based on the data, or historical data.   121,000 people have died in the US from COVID so far this year.   The worst flu season on the other hand has[ killed less](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/past-seasons.html) than half that number.   That's including less time for COVID than the flu season, and almost a complete shutdown to the US economy.   You are seriously trying to make a flu connection here? How?   What every antibody study has shown so far is a) not a high percentage of the population has antibodies to COVID, and b) the death rate from COVID is much higher than the flu, especially in relation to age groups.   What scientists say is as deadly as the flu?  Because every one of these studies say COVID is far more deadly than the flu:  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7136886/  https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/article-abstract/2766121  https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200519/COVID-19-is-more-deadly-than-flu-concludes-new-study.aspx  https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/observations/so-how-deadly-is-covid-19/  https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2020/5/5/21246567/coronavirus-flu-comparisons-fatality-rate-contagiousness  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/14/opinion/coronavirus-research-misinformation.html  https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2020/05/200518144915.htm
Because everyone is invested in one side of this or the other.   As more of these studies come out, and if the all come to the same conclusion......
I chcked thier site and dont see any screening to see if folks can or can not donate.  I am gonna assume they use the same ones the red cross uses and the one the fda suggest?  If you cant donate i assume they wont bother giving you a test.
> source on the 0.4% IFR  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html  See "Current Best Estimate" under Symptomatic Case Fatality Ratio, stratified by age in years. This notes Overall: 0.004
> I see that you are really passionate about these conversations. So what do you think we should do. Just social distance, wear masks, and avoid our grandparents forever? What if no vaccine comes. What if antibodies wear off in 3 months like NYT is suggesting? I think learning more and more about the virus will help us make personal decisions if we get to a place where we have to continue as a society and at the same time assess risk in how we can protect ourselves and others.  Unfortunately in my mind (and many [epidemiologists](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/06/08/upshot/when-epidemiologists-will-do-everyday-things-coronavirus.html) minds) social distancing along with masks and constant handwashing is here to stay for a long time, until we get COVID numbers down enough that the virus goes away on it's own.   Herd immunity would be next to impossible, and as a medical researcher, I have very strong reservations against the success of current vaccine strategies for COVID.
>Testing positive doesn't mean you've had COVID. It means you have been exposed to a coronavirus (tons of them out there).  This is not accurate. The serology test that's being administered does test specifically for SARS-CoV-2, but it's possible that the test may also accidentally be triggered by antibodies for other betacoronaviruses. However, that also might mean that exposure to other betacoronaviruses yields some sort of immunity to SARS-CoV-2 as well. Either way, they are testing specifically for antibodies that react to proteins from SARS-CoV-2.
Wait... Antibody tests can't differentiate between strains of coronavirus? How are they useful at all then? Like you said, other strains have been around forever - surely it's unremarkable to have antibodies for *a* coronavirus.
> infers  Grammar nit: confers.
>Testing positive doesn't mean you've had COVID. It means you have been exposed to a coronavirus (tons of them out there).  That makes me wonder. If we can't trust the antibody tests, how much trust should we even be put into the regular tests?  Is there a possibility those too are picking up prior exposure to a coronavirus or something else?  I really haven't seen this angle discussed.  Meaning, what if some of the asymptomatic positives are actually false positives that are picking up something else? What if the tests are flawed [(there was reports of this early on](https://www.doh.wa.gov/Newsroom/Articles/ID/1151/State-recalls-12000-COVID-19-test-kits-due-to-possible-contamination)) Those people never had symptoms, and recent studies show there isn't a ton of evidence these people even have the ability to spread (asymptomatic, NOT presymptomatic).  If this were even remotely possible, this would throw all of the data off in a huge way.
Extremely helpful. Thank you for this. Can you point me to where you are finding the information of the decreasing R value?
Actually, one of the recent [Tested](https://www.wunc.org/term/tested-podcast) podcasts from WUNC talked about this very issue.  The 6/16 episode ("Deciding the Next Step") touched on this very issue.  These are quick listens and well done.
If the R0 is in the 1.1-1.2 range, herd immunity only takes 10-17%. That 80% number is only based on the R0 being close to 5. I have doubts we can keep the R0 in that 1.1-12.2 range, but the math shows it that way (math: https://plus.maths.org/content/maths-minute-r0-and-herd-immunity)
There is reason to doubt that. Pretty much every other virus we've seen faded out with much less of the population infected, including the [Spanish Flu](https://www.history.com/topics/world-war-i/1918-flu-pandemic), which only got up to 1/3 of the population.  And then there are articles such as this [one](https://www.spectator.co.uk/article/herd-immunity-may-only-need-a-10-per-cent-infection-rate) that suggest herd immunity could be reached with as little as 10-20% infected. So which is right? Neither of us know, but I guess we'll find out eventually. All I'm saying is it doesn't hurt to hope.
Thanks, we have a neighbor who went to the hospital in mid-February with a undefined viral respiratory infection and later showed antibodies for Covid. That didn't seem to fit the time line we were hearing.
It ***is*** informative, but the title of the post is not the title of the linked article and "(very informative)" is manipulative clickbait.   I am not saying you used it that way. I don't believe you did, I believe your intentions were noble.
Weren't some antibody tests also giving false positives from detecting non-COVID19 coronavirus antibodies?
I signed up for this blood donation for this reason. Mine isnt  until July. How long did it take to get your antibody test results back?
TBC's antibody test is done by the Medical University of South Carolina. I tried to donate platelets with them last month but the phlebotomist didn't get the stick right and my vein blew out ~5 minutes into the procedure. Went back to the Red Cross yesterday since there now doing covid ab testing, but I can't find out who's doing it for them or whose test kits they're using if they're doing their own work.
I believe it.    I mean, also pharma companies see reduced revenue with the drop in elective procedures etc. amd try to make up for it.    But beside generating revenue I also believe they just try to give Doctors the tools the need. Just imagine a pharma company telling a Doctor they don't want to support them as it generates not enough revenue. That is not an option. Hence there is a strong focus on customer relationship as well.
Right. Did they draw extra blood, do a finger stick or were planning on testing your donation?
No that backs up what I've read elsewhere. So the silver lining is that the 10% number could actually be closer to 12-14% if I had to guess.   Not going to make us safe from a continual spike but it does start to move the needle a little as to how quickly the pandemic can progress. Especially if many of these folks were font line workers or others that have been more prone to remain active.
Are you disagreeing with the CDC? Because the CDC says that it's about as deadly as the flu, a 0.26% CFR. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html  Here are all the studies that have found it's about as deadly as the flu.  "In an analysis, Dr. John Ioannidis places the fatality rate between 0.02%-0.4%, far lower than the 1%-and-way-up numbers that were once bandied about – and much closer to the 0.1% death rate of the flu. “While COVID-19 is a formidable threat, the fact that its IFR (infection fatality rate) is much lower than originally feared, is a welcome piece of evidence,” he wrote. “At a very broad, bird’s eye view level, worldwide the IFR of COVID-19 this season may be in the same ballpark as the IFR of influenza.” https://www.mercurynews.com/2020/05/20/stanford-researcher-says-coronavirus-isnt-as-fatal-as-we-thought-critics-say-hes-missing-the-point/  Here's Ioannidis' study from Stanford, which found that coronavirus is about 28x-55x less deadly than thought https://www.livescience.com/coronavirus-antibodies-widespread-in-santa-clara.html&success=1   https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.13.20101253v2   Here is a separate study from USC which replicated Stanford's findings. https://pressroom.usc.edu/preliminary-results-of-usc-la-county-covid-19-study-released/  One of Ioannidis' colleagues at Stanford, Dr. Rajiv Bhatia, who is an affiliated assistant clinical professor of Medicine at Stanford University, along with Dr. Jeffrey Klausner, a professor of Medicine and Public Health at the University of California, says, “These infection fatality rates are remarkably low and are similar to the fatality rate for the seasonal flu.” [...] “The virus is 10 times less fatal than we first thought.” https://calmatters.org/commentary/its-time-to-end-the-state-of-emergency-over-covid-19/  And a third antibody study from Massachusetts University with near identical findings. https://www.bostonglobe.com/2020/04/17/business/nearly-third-200-blood-samples-taken-chelsea-show-exposure-coronavirus/  And yet another more recent study that found it's 5x less deadly than predicted https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.21.108308v1  Here's a antibody study from a prominent Tokyo university that found the same thing: https://mainichi.jp/english/articles/20200515/p2a/00m/0na/021000c  Then, the 6th antibody study is this one from Wake Forest Baptist Health https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/antibody-study-shows-more-people-infected-with-coronavirus-in-nc-than-numbers-show/19150903/  Two top Italian doctors in Milan, one of who was doctor to former Italian PM, say coronavirus is no longer of clinical significance in Italy. “In reality, the virus clinically no longer exists in Italy,” said Alberto Zangrillo, the head of the San Raffaele Hospital in Milan in the northern region of Lombardy, which has borne the brunt of Italy’s coronavirus contagion. “The swabs that were performed over the last 10 days showed a viral load in quantitative terms that was absolutely infinitesimal compared to the ones carried out a month or two months ago,” he told RAI television. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-italy-virus/new-coronavirus-losing-potency-top-italian-doctor-says-idUSKBN2370OQ  And a German government official says it was a global false alarm https://www.globalresearch.ca/german-official-leaks-report-denouncing-corona-global-false-alarm/5714528  Fauci even said the same thing in April: "On the basis of a case definition requiring a diagnosis of pneumonia, the currently reported case fatality rate is approximately 2%.4 In another article in the Journal, Guan et al.5 report mortality of 1.4% among 1099 patients with laboratory-confirmed Covid-19; these patients had a wide spectrum of disease severity. If one assumes that the number of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic cases is several times as high as the number of reported cases, the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%. This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively." https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMe2002387   And it's certainly worth discussing how the flu death count is an estimate, while the COVID-19 is allegedly not an estimate. The CDC says they don't know the actual number of deaths from the flu, and they base their estimate on mathematical modeling, which they admit are subject to limitations.  "The estimates of the cumulative burden of seasonal influenza are subject to several limitations."[...] "CDC does not know the exact number of people who have been sick and affected by influenza because influenza is not a reportable disease in most areas of the United States. However, these numbers are estimated using a mathematical model, based on observed rates of laboratory-confirmed influenza-associated hospitalizations."https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/preliminary-in-season-estimates.htm. Similar kind of mathematical modeling as the Imperial College models that were recently shown to be extremely wrong.  The CDC also says that the number of estimated flu deaths is likely underreported. "First, the cumulative rate of laboratory-confirmed influenza-associated hospitalizations reported during the season may be an under-estimate of the rate at the end of the season because of identification and reporting delays."  Only 8,000 people died from just COVID-19 alone, with no other comorbidities https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/. The other 110,000 deaths were people with on average 2 or 3 comorbidities. Not only this, but it is CDC policy to officially count anyone who dies with COVID-19 as having died from COVID-19. https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvss/coronavirus/Alert-2-New-ICD-code-introduced-for-COVID-19-deaths.pdf?fbclid=IwAR3JKBuqyZOaRfAndVlOUgQh0YbT7MSwariuAJDlRuk4N-WsNTSnibt0zZs  As Dr. Birx said: "Right now, we’re still recording it, and we’ll — I mean, the great thing about having forms that come in and a form that has the ability to mark it as COVID-19 infection — the intent is, right now, that those — if someone dies with COVID-19, we are counting that as a COVID-19 death." https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/remarks-president-trump-vice-president-pence-members-coronavirus-task-force-press-briefing-april-7-2020/  So basically, the US admits that they are likely undercounting regular flu deaths while overcounting COVID-19 deaths.
I think that's a fair assumption on both counts, but I also think the test is rolled into the donation. Like, while you're already hooked up, they take a little extra to do the test. I've only heard about it from a friend; gonna try and actually donate weekend after next.
Please note, that's **symptomatic** case fatality rate.  That number would be applicable only if we were focusing nationally on total symptomatic cases (which would be far lower). We are not. We are counting all cases, both symptomatic and asymptomatic.  So this is a situation where to make a point someone is pointing out a fragment of data that proves that point. The .26 death rate is the full picture. It's the death rate of COVID taking into account all positive cases (both with and without symptoms).
I mean, you said that the IFR was 0.4%, but that's impossible according to the CDC's data, since IFR has to be below the CFR, and the CDC's CFR is 0.26%. So their IFR must also be below 0.26%.  Other groups and studies have generated different CFR/IFR.
> I have very strong reservations against the success of current vaccine strategies for COVID.  Care to elaborate on this? What do you see as the major potential stumbling block?
I don't believe you're a medical researcher... Maybe by your own definition... But I highly doubt you get paid for it...
It's a bit more complicated than that. Your antibody titer will go up 2-3 weeks following exposure to a coronavirus, and that's what's being tested here. It would be unlikely but possible you were exposed to a non-COVID coronavirus.  The importance of antibody testing is for community surveillance of how a disease has spread in a community.
> That makes me wonder. If we can't trust the antibody tests, how much trust should we even be put into the regular tests?  Regular tests (nasal swabs) actually pick up genetic material of active virus particles in the respiratory track. Antibody tests only pick up antibodies made against an active infection. It's a good question, but the nasal swab tests are very good at picking up active infection (almost 0 false positive rate), unless you miss the window for testing.   > Is there a possibility those too are picking up prior exposure to a coronavirus or something else? I really haven't seen this angle discussed.  Could you ask the question a different way? Nasal tests are very specific to SARS-COV-2, its picking up the actual genetic material of the virus. Antibody tests are not.    > Meaning, what if some of the asymptomatic positives are actually false positives that are picking up something else? Those people never had symptoms, recent studies show there isn't a ton of evidence these people even have the ability to spread (asymptomatic, NOT presymptomatic). If this were even remotely possible, this would throw all of the data off in a huge way.  This isn't really possible. More of nasal swabs might miss the window of testing and you would have tested negative for an active infection. This was a huge problem at the beginning of COVID. Remember people had to meet certain criteria to get tested, and often would not get tested, or would have been 'healthy' by the time they were tested.
> If we can't trust the antibody tests, how much trust should we even be put into the regular tests?  To simplify a bit, antibody tests can be either good at catching a lot of positives or catching a lot of negatives, but usually not both.  So you really need to know how your antibody test was designed and what it was designed to measure. Of course you're a layman (and so am I) so it's up to the publisher/reporter to tell us what they did in layman's terms.  Here is something we really really know:  In NY State, 25K people died of covid. The population is 20M. So if your sample says the fatality rate might be lower than 25K/20M = 0.125%, well, you need to check it again unless you think there is something special about NY (age, general health, whatever else).
Sure, here you go: https://rt.live/
"Latinos are 10% of the population, but **44%** of the cases and 7% of the deaths"  Latinos don't make up anywhere near 44% (across the state) of the hair salons, barbers hops, tattoo parlors, breweries, and other businesses that were allowed to either open or expand under phase 2.   So there's definitely more going on here, when you dig into the demographics and where these cases are occurring. Like the chicken plant in Chatham county (where a bunch of cases occurred) mentioned in that podcast. I saw all the outrage about all the (young white people) on Glenwood South recently, but (white people) are *under-represented* in Covid cases.
> All I'm saying is it doesn't hurt to hope.  It actually does hurt to 'hope'. We don't science based on hope. Hope is a nice cuddly feeling, but it isn't realistic.   Realisitically, you as an individual will probably never get COVID, or if you do, have minimal issues. However if you spread COVID, it may get spread to someone who is not so lucky.   So don't 'hope', social distance, wear a mask when you are out (especially when you can't social distance), and wash your hands.   You likely are already doing that, so just keep being awesome!
Haven't read about that. But it is possible. That is exactly the challenge for the manufacturers to make tests that avoid this.
I got results back in one week
I just did the donation on Tuesday.  They said the results should take around 2 weeks.
Luckily I have a monster vein in my left arm (doesn't need a tourniquet) but my hemoglobin was low, so I had to get a finger prick twice.  I am not a huge fan of the Blood Connection, but it is convenient, because they park right outside my work.
Testing the donation I assume.
>	Are you disagreeing with the CDC? Because the CDC says it’s about as deadly as the flu, a 0.26% CFR.  You’re comparing Covid19 estimated *IFR* to the seasonal flus estimated CFR. IFR will inherently be lower and CFR higher. What is the IFR estimate for seasonal flu?
Here is how Dr. Ngozi Ezike claims they are counting (or over-counting) COVID deaths:   *"If you were in hospice and had already been given a few weeks to live, and then you also were found to have COVID, that would be counted as a COVID death. It means technically even if you died of a clear alternate cause, but you had COVID at the same time, it's still listed as a COVID death. So, everyone who's listed as a COVID death doesn't mean that that was the cause of the death, but they had COVID at the time of the death."* Dr. Ezike outlined.  [https://week.com/2020/04/20/idph-director-explains-how-covid-deaths-are-classified/](https://week.com/2020/04/20/idph-director-explains-how-covid-deaths-are-classified/)
Those years in the 80s living in europe keep coming back to haunt me. Mad cow fears makes a ton of us unable to donate.
Also,[this may be a good read](https://calmatters.org/commentary/its-time-to-end-the-state-of-emergency-over-covid-19/) to understand how some experts are looking at fatality rates as compared to the flu.     That article is written by Dr. Rajiv Bhatia. Assistant clinical professor of medicine at Stanford and former deputy health officer for San Fran Dept of Public Health. And co-written by Dr Klausner, who is a professor of medicine and public health  at UCLA.     >“These infection fatality rates are remarkably low and are similar to the fatality rate for the seasonal flu.”  A little off topic, but then they go on to talk about looking at CDC's all-cause mortality #'s to better understand the actual impact on society.     >“To properly assess the mortality risk associated with the coronavirus pandemic, it is necessary to examine deaths and death rates from all causes, not just deaths and death rates from COVID-19.”  They also compare this current season vs. last big pandemic that we were hit with (2017-2018)     >“Thus, the 2020 total death rates in California can be approximated by the 2018 total death rates, which are in the CDC’s WONDER database. I focus here on those under 65 years of age because they include students and most working-age people, and because COVID-19 deaths comprise only 3% of the total deaths in this age range during 2020.”  Seems like an interesting angle and one I am now curious about looking into. Can anyone refute what they are saying with data? Are these guys not understanding this virus? One is from Stanford and the other from UCLA. Seems to be a least coming from a reputable source.
I'm curious about this as well.  The following strategies are being used (and have been used in other successful vaccines, like polio, chicken pox, HPV and seasonal flu):  genetic vaccines, viral vector vaccines, protein-based vaccines, whole-virus vaccines, and repurposed vaccines.      There are at least 135 coronavirus vaccines in the works.  Is it all of the strategies, or just certain ones?
This is correct.
Thanks for the response. Good stuff.  >Could you ask the question a different way? Nasal tests are very specific to SARS-COV-2, its picking up the actual genetic material of the virus. Antibody tests are not.  I guess I'm wondering that since, as I understand it, o[ur bodies are always teeming with viruses](https://earthsky.org/human-world/trillions-of-viruses-human-virome), could it be possible that this test is picking up something in certain people and setting off a positive. For instance, if someone has the common cold or another form of coronavirus. Could this test set off a positive? I've just gotten a bunch of vaccines bc I recently had a baby boy. Those are active viruses in my system. Could something trigger a positive by mistake (every now and then)? How possible is that?  I only have thought of that possibility because I've come across some articles that made me wonder about tests....  \- [‘This is a potential public health disaster:' COVID-19 results from TestUtah.com are raising questions](https://www.sltrib.com/news/2020/04/30/this-is-potential-public/) This article got me initially wondering. TestUtah was showing far less positive than local labs. Their test was different and was flagged as being inaccurate. But I just wondered, what if their tests WERE accurate and the others were the ones that were wrong. Is that even possible? So I started doing some research on false positives.  \- [UPDATE: Local nursing homes report false positive COVID-19 tests](https://www.wjhl.com/local-coronavirus-coverage/agape-nursing-home-says-residents-who-tested-positive-for-covid-19-were-false-positives/)  \- [Cobb County man tests positive and negative for COVID-19 just hours apart](https://www.fox5atlanta.com/news/cobb-county-man-tests-positive-and-negative-for-covid-19-just-hours-apart)  \- [Law firm planning lawsuit over false COVID-19 positive test results at Bobcaygeon long-term care](https://globalnews.ca/news/6907329/coronavirus-bobcaygeon-long-term-care-lawsuit/)  \- [Tanzania coronavirus kits raise suspicion after goat and pawpaw test positive](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/coronavirus-tanzania-test-kits-suspicion-goat-pawpaw-positive-a9501291.html)This one is just crazy (and i find it hard to believe) I'm not sure what's going on here. But it also got on my radar as I opened myself up to the  low possibility the tests may not actually be that accurate.  And after reading those a few days later, Dr. Birx, who along with Dr. Fauci, I really admire, apparently came out and said s[he had lost trust in the CDC](https://www.salon.com/2020/05/09/deborah-birx-reportedly-tells-task-force-she-can-trust-nothing-from-the-cdc_partner/). This shocked me because I was using the CDC as my source of truth for all data.  Anyways, all of this together led me to ask you the question what you believe the possibility is that some asymptomatic 'cases' are actually false positives due to a bad test, or the test picking up something else. I'm honestly not jumping to conclusions since this is less likely to be what is true. But wondering if anyone can explain some of these to me. I'm a data guy not a science guy.  Thanks.
holy s\*\*t. That's amazing data.  I hadn't been able to find this anywhere. Thank you!
> It actually does hurt to 'hope'. We don't science based on hope. Hope is a nice cuddly feeling, but it isn't realistic  Yeahhh well my "hope" is based on the science and evidence so gotta disagree with you there. There's a lot of info out there - some conflicting. Maybe keep an open mind at least? I agree on taking precautions when necessary though
Did you have to log onto anything or did you get an email with your results?
Also donated on Tuesday with the Blood Connection. They said 5-7 business days.
Just went and looked and they had the results up (I was negative for antibodies)
Haha, similar story here. One of the phlebotomists at the RC calls my antecubital veins "vein porn." The Blood Connection employee was very young and was just off by the tiny bit it takes to traumatize the vein's walls. We all make little fuck ups from time to time🤷‍♂️ I was told the RC will give me the results in 7 days.
What do you mean? CDC says COVID-19's CFR is 0.26%.
Interesting that not too long after that she updated her statement, completely taking away from your interpretation:  *“There are also some additional deaths that happen in someone who happened to be COVID positive, but where the COVID infection had nothing to do with the deaths,” she said. “So we are at IDPH trying to remove those obvious cases where the COVID diagnosis was not the reason for the death. If there was a gunshot wound, if there was a motor vehicle accident, we know that that was not related to the COVID positive status.*  *“We are trying to make sure that things that aren’t related at all to the COVID diagnosis are removed, but if someone has another illness, like heart disease, and then had a stroke or other event, it’s not as easy to separate that and say COVID didn’t exacerbate that existing illness. That would not be removed from the count,” she added.*  Excess deaths are a great way to figure out that people are not just 'dying' from regular causes at increased rates. Looking at the CDC data, you have weeks in the US with 150% excess deaths, all of those attributed to COVID.   Are you actually trying to say because a hospice patient with COVID died and may have been counted for a COVID death is somehow making excess death numbers go up that much?   Wait.. that's not possible.   You are right though, potentially too many COVID deaths are being reported, but realistically, too few are being reported, especially early on before there was and ICD call for COVID.
Chill out bro. Someone asked for a source and I took two minutes to Google it for them. I'm not here to refute anything or ague about pedantic details way beyond my understanding.
Ditto - my impression was that the overall development "strategy" for this vaccine is throwing everything at the wall and seeing what sticks, thus the many research teams working concurrently.  I figured PM_YOUR_BACON had some specific objections in mind about one of the trials which sounds like an interesting perspective, but could be they were referring more broadly to general organization or division of labor/resources... Sadly I think this is a mystery likely destined to fade into the annals of time unsolved, since it seems they've lost interest in this thread.
Not the guy you responded to but... The swab tests (not the antibody tests) work by amplifying genetic material in the sample through a process called PCR. Basically it's an enzymatic reaction that creates more of whatever DNA (or in this case I think RNA) is initially present. The product of this reaction is then compared to a reference to determine if it contains the virus' code.  My understanding is this type of test has a very low chance of false *positives* because PCR can't amplify genetic material that wasn't there in the first place. You only get out more of what you put in. Of course somebody could fuck up and contaminate the sample beforehand... but that's pretty much it.  On the other hand, several factors could lead to false *negatives*: The virus might not have been present in the area swabbed; the sample might've been stored too long before testing; PCR could be run with improper reagents, or for too short a time... any of these could ultimately lead to there not being a detectible quantity of viral RNA.  So in the article you linked about TestUtah having unusually few positive results, the fact that they came under scrutiny for probable false negatives and not vice-versa wasn't just an arbitrary guess - it's objectively the far more likely scenario given how the test works.  Any medical test administered on this large a scale will have some incidence of both false positives and false negatives, so I'm not surprised to see reports of each; that doesn't make them equally likely.  I get the impression you're going down a bit of a rabbit hole with those articles there - just be careful you're not simply feeding your confirmation bias.  \* Edited for grammar.
I also donated through The Blood Connection - I filled out my pre-donation questionnaire online and created an account by doing that. A week after donating I found my result on my account, but did not get an email about it.
Blood Connection has a patient portal where you can find your results
It's not an interpretation......it was what she said. Why would she say just that? It makes a huge difference in the counts. It isn't just hospice numbers, it's all of them. Listen again, she was only using the hospice as an example.
I wasn't attacking you. I was referring to the initial post made that used .4% IFR.
Thank you for that. I'm not going down a rabbit hole. I've looked at both sides. I've seen a lot of articles of false negatives and there is a lot of information about that. But not as much about false positives. And so I wanted to ask that question here. Thanks for the answer and now feel as if false positives on the regular test likely happen less frequent and when they do they are likely human error.
No problem, glad you found it helpful.

A new study from Penn State estimates that the number of early COVID-19 cases in the U.S. may have been more than 80 times greater and doubled nearly twice as fast as originally believed. Findings suggest an alternative way of thinking about the COVID-19 pandemic.

Interesting work, but what does this have to do with Raleigh?
I’ve been saying pretty much the same thing since the first nationally diagnosed patients made the news. This never had anything to do with saving people, it’s all been a politics game.
Thanks to /u/Wagamaga. For this article and tldr  Many epidemiologists believe that the initial COVID-19 infection rate was undercounted due to testing issues, asymptomatic and alternatively symptomatic individuals, and a failure to identify early cases.  Now, a new study from Penn State estimates that the number of early COVID-19 cases in the U.S. may have been more than 80 times greater and doubled nearly twice as fast as originally believed.  In a paper published today (June 22) in the journal Science Translational Medicine, researchers estimated the detection rate of symptomatic COVID-19 cases using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s influenza-like illnesses (ILI) surveillance data over a three week period in March 2020.  “We analyzed each state’s ILI cases to estimate the number that could not be attributed to influenza and were in excess of seasonal baseline levels,” said Justin Silverman, assistant professor in Penn State’s College of Information Sciences and Technology and Department of Medicine. “When you subtract these out, you’re left with what we're calling excess ILI – cases that can't be explained by either influenza or the typical seasonal variation of respiratory pathogens.”  The researchers found that the excess ILI showed a nearly perfect correlation with the spread of COVID-19 around the country.  https://stm.sciencemag.org/content/early/2020/06/22/scitranslmed.abc1126
Unfortunately you clearly did not[ read the paper.](https://stm.sciencemag.org/content/early/2020/06/22/scitranslmed.abc1126)   The basis of the entire discussion is that by looking at the increase in influenza like symptoms from March, and that only 1 out of every 3 patients went to the hospital, they are extrapolating that all of those people 'must' of had COVID.   However, they  cation strongly the only way to actually verify this would be through serological testing (antibody testing), which they said is inaccurate, hence the reason they propose this is a better way to determine the actual number of COVID cases.   At the end of the day the 'number' of people that have had COVID really only matters in two ways. 1) How much of a % of the population has had COVID so we can see if we are getting anywhere near herd immunity (we aren't) and 2) How many people are dying due to COVID.   The authors furthermore focused on New York's data and even pointed out the several flaws in the data set, as it can't be applied to the entire united states (looking at the ILI graphs they do not represent [NC's even remotely](https://epi.dph.ncdhhs.gov/cd/flu/figures/flu1819.pdf)).   So the question you might have is was there a whole hell of a lot of undetected COVID in March of 2020 in NC?   For sure there was. [Early Wake Forest data](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article242605846.html) indicated there was 2% of the Piedmont having come into contact with COVID, now the numbers a[re as high as 10%](https://www.wakehealth.edu/Coronavirus/COVID-19-Community-Research-Partnership/Updates-and-Data). The authors of the paper would seem to indicate much more people have been effected, but that doesn't remotely match NC's data.   So to tie this back to your statement. How does crushing the economy of a country help anyone? How does 120,000 dead people compared to the 38,000 that died from the flu last year even remotely seem comparable  The only politics I see currently is some dumbass running the country failing at leading the rest of the country during a time of crisis, who is only worried about his personal image.
I agree with you.  It seems like people in this sub really WANT to believe that we are all in grave danger and they dont want to hear anything to the contrary.  In the senators post yesterday he talks about 75% of the cases in NC are people over 50.  I dont like wearing a mask but ive changed my mind on that issue just so older people might be a little safer
Unfortunately the interpretation you've posted may be incorrect, see my comments below. The authors cautioned a lot of the assumptions and you posting your comment without that information is misleading and quite false.

NC ARTIST RELIEF FUND - for any artist in need of support due to cancellations from the outbreak of COVID-19


Issue with scheduling CVS Covid-19 test.
Sorry in advance if this is the wrong place to post this.  I've spent the past hour on their website trying to schedule a test.  I select a time slot that is listed as available and fill out the form only to be told after the fact that the time slot isn't available.  Has anyone else had this issue?  Are there any other testing sites that you've had better luck with?  Any information would help.
Had the same issue this morning. Try changing the day to tomorrow, that worked for me.
 I used the CVS minute clinic the other day:  [https://www.cvs.com/minuteclinic/covid-19-testing](https://www.cvs.com/minuteclinic/covid-19-testing).  You'll be asked for your information first and then have the opportunity to pick a time slot/location. Many places are full if you are looking for same day appointment, but you can usually get one for tomorrow. At least that was the case earlier this week.
This happen to me too, just keep trying and you may just have to go to next day. Depending on how soon you are requesting it, I think there is a time limit because someone from the pharmacy does call you to get very basic information so I think they block off a minimum time before.
Did you get your results? It’s been 3 days for me still nothing
i just made my appointment this afternoon

Lt. Gov. Dan Forest says he plans to sue Governor Cooper's administration over COVID-19 executive orders

Public policy polling had Cooper 9 points over Forest as of yesterday and today two more polls were released at +11 and +21. However the most interesting thing that caught my eye on yesterday’s polls was the breakdown...  One of the questions was “Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of Dan Forest?” 35% said favorable, 25% unfavorable, and then 41% Not sure. This makes me think that he has been looking for a time to strike to get his name out there. He hasn’t been able to break through the fog of COVID that Cooper has navigated thus far, and I have a feeling this is more about reminding people he exists.
It is baffling he chose to use an iconic line about a dim-witted southerner as a campaign slogan.
Dapper Dan the dippest of shits
And spending our tax dollars to bring this suit. I'm so fucking sick of this asshole. If he wants to sue, make the god damn republican party of NC pay for it. I don't want to contribute one fucking penny to this piece of shit. He does not have the right to spend our tax dollars on stupid frivolous legal actions. This makes me motherfucking angry to see the arrogance of these republican bootlickers. Fuck Dan Forest.  Edit- almost 46K new cases in ONE DAY??? And this shit for brains thinks it is a good idea to sue to NOT wear a little piece of paper or cloth over your mouth to help keep people safe? Too bad this steaming pile of dung can't be impeached. He doesn't deserve to represent our great state. Cooper is doing something that is not very popular to some people right now but he is fucking saving lives. Are you saving lives, Dan? Dan? Are you listening? Nope, your head is jammed up trump's sphincter too far.
Please refer to him by his proper title: "Lt. Gov. Dan Forest, An Idiot says he plans to sue..."
Any lawyers out there have a non-partisan take?      Yes, this is an idiotic move. Yes, we all know the virus is a major concern here in NC. But those conversations aside, does this actually have a shot? I'm not familiar with the ins and outs of these laws.     Forest says...     >"The Emergency Management Act requires that you seek and receive concurrence from the Council of State prior to exercising the most expansive statewide emergency powers of the governor,"     Cooper says...     >The governor has said state law gives him the power to act during an emergency without consulting the Council of State.     Seems as if those two statements contradict one another. Seems as if someone is twisting words (I have a political bias to assume one of them is), but I don't want to jump to conclusions.
Leutenant Dan, your lawsuit ain't got no legs!
Political pandering 101
Would be good if there was some legal analysis of the challenge
Ahhh Dan finally realized no one knows who he is so he needs some free (tax payer funded) publicity. Political pandering at its finest.
He once made a joke to me about his wife dying in a falling elevator.  His wife was standing right next to us.
isn't lieutenant governor like vice president? can he sue his superior and keep his job for disagreeing?
Fuckin'... Idiot.   🎶Ooohh!! Lookit me!! I'm the Lieutenant Governor and I'm dying to get the job I'm not qualified for!!🎶 🎶And in fact... I'm gonna yell about how much we don't like the guy trying to keep us safe because blah blah blahggghh UNEARNED FREEDOM!!!🎶
This isn’t gonna age well for him.
Forest is such a snake.
Wonder if it could be because his daughter is supposed to get married in July at Merrimon-Wynne in DT Raleigh and that’s a lotta diplomatic friends to make mad...
ITT people who are way too optimistic about the democratic chances this November. As George Carlin said “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.”
It's just for publicity. Based on Forest's claim, others in the Council of State should be joining him in the suit but he seems to specifically want it to be just his name on it.
I find it worse that he doesn't go by Lieutenant Dan
I would wear that on a t-shirt
Maybe you should try actually reading the article or the suit he “plans” on filing. Forest added that before he officially files the suit, Cooper is required by law to approve his use of independent legal counsel.  He’s using a private attorney.
He's just giving everyone a good reminder as to why to not vote for him in November
All I did is copy the title.  Check the link for proof.   I'm not endorsing anything on this link.  I posted it because it was posted a few mins ago.
I would believe a health crisis supersedes the emergency management act. I'm no lawyer but if it wasn't true he wouldn't even have been able to start the initial lock down and we'd probably be totally wide open by now.
I think that if Forest were correct that the Executive Orders are invalid because they required the concurrence of the Council of State the group of churches that challenged the EO's would have used that argument in court. To my knowledge its was not mentioned in their lawsuit at all. I don't think the question of the concurrence of the Council of State issue has been raised by the gyms or bar owners, or any of the other groups that have considered court challenges. In fact almost nobody except for Dan Forest is raising this argument.   The Actual statute is 160-A-19.30. Section B lists out various restrictions that can be imposed during an emergency including business closures and control of peoples movement and gathering. Section B clearly requires the concurrence of the Council of State. Its seems really cut and dry until you read Section C. Section C gives the Governor all the powers listed in Section B with no mention of the Council of State when the emergency is beyond the scope of local authorities to handle. If a literal pandemic doesn't meet that criteria then nothing does.  I'm not saying every specific part of every order could hold up to legal challenge but the idea that the orders have been just straight up out of the gate illegal is a purely political move and doesn't appear to have much legal merit. I've tried researching and its nearly impossible to find any credible legal expert lending credibility to Forest's argument. Cooper is an Attorney who has argued in front of the US Supreme Court. Forest is an Architect. My money is on Cooper being correct.
I'm not a lawyer and I'm a democrat. The language in the Emergency Management act is pretty clear. The governor needed concurrence from the Council of State.   But if I were in Governor Cooper's shoes, I'd do the same thing. The important thing is to save lives if you can. There is a rich history of the executive branch assuming powers during emergencies and there is an equally rich history of the legislative and judicial branch clawing them back once it's over.
That was truly beautiful
I would contribute to that. This bullshit needs to stop right now.
That is a line from the movie, correct.
Unlike VP, Lt. Governor is elected separately in NC. VP is a joint ticket who serves at the pleasure of the president and can be told to resign. Lt. Governor is an elected position so all we can do is vote him out (though we don't have to worry about that because he can't run for both positions).
The "everyone is a liberal" excuse for why your opinions are unpopular is very tired.
Yes. Make sure you vote next year.
Who is paying the private attorney?
r/woosh
Yes, but Dan Forest is an idiot, and the little respect he deserves demands that you properly address him as such.
Health crisis is included in the emergency management act. This is the legal definition as stated in the act. Notice public health is listed as an emergency in this definition. 166A-19.3 (6)   Emergency. – An occurrence or imminent threat of widespread or severe damage, injury, or loss of life or property resulting from any natural or man-made accidental, military, paramilitary, terrorism, weather-related, public health, explosion-related, riot-related cause, or technological failure or accident, including, but not limited to, a cyber incident, an explosion, a transportation accident, a radiological accident, or a chemical or other hazardous material incident.
No health crisis supersedes the law, unless there is another law saying it does. The emergency management act was written for crises.
I don't think your analysis of the law is correct. Section B clearly requires the concurrence of the Council of State. But Section C goes on to clearly give the Governor all the powers listed in Section B with no mention of the Council of State when the emergency is beyond the scope of local authorities to handle. If a literal pandemic doesn't meet that criteria then nothing does. I think my interpretation is further validated in that if the EO's were completely illegal I would think the church group that prevailed in court against parts of the orders would have just taken up the Council of State argument in court.
Ben, which article of the emergency management act states this? I am trying to read through it and would like to know.  Thanks
True dat
They're all gonna roll over on Teflon Don as soon as his ass is rejected in November. They're only doing it now because they get easy votes from his half baked rejects of a base.
His campaign slogan is from Forest Gump, a movie about a simpleton, which while probably unintentional (remember, he IS an idiot) is incredibly fitting.
thanks for the clarification
I'm not here to debate who we like, which is why Governor Cooper is also on the title.  I think we have many more issues to worry about, other than a title.  Edit: Based on the downvotes. I guess a title is more important than a mask then.  I see how it is.
So, are you the lawyer here to correct me? Or just another dude?
> Section C  > In addition to any other powers conferred upon the Governor by law, during a gubernatorially or legislatively declared state of emergency, if the Governor determines that local control of the emergency is insufficient to assure adequate protection for lives and property because (i) needed control cannot be imposed locally because local authorities responsible for preservation of the public peace have not enacted appropriate ordinances or issued appropriate declarations as authorized by G.S. 166A-19.31; (ii) local authorities have not taken implementing steps under such ordinances or declarations, if enacted or declared, for effectual control of the emergency that has arisen; (iii) the area in which the emergency exists has spread across local jurisdictional boundaries, and the legal control measures of the jurisdictions are conflicting or uncoordinated to the extent that efforts to protect life and property are, or unquestionably will be, severely hampered; or (iv) the scale of the emergency is so great that it exceeds the capability of local authorities to cope with it, the Governor has the following powers:  You've convinced me.
(b)        During a gubernatorially or legislatively declared state of emergency, with the concurrence of the Council of State, the Governor has the following powers:  (1)        To direct and compel the evacuation of all or part of the population from any stricken or threatened area within the State, to prescribe routes, modes of transportation, and destinations in connection with evacuation; and to control ingress and egress of an emergency area, the movement of persons within the area, and the occupancy of premises therein.  (2)        To establish a system of economic controls over all resources, materials, and services to include food, clothing, shelter, fuel, rents, and wages, including the administration and enforcement of any rationing, price freezing, or similar federal order or regulation.  This was the one I was referring to and I'd seen written up in an article. However, please see Citizen85's reply regarding section C. I also copied section C in my response. After reading it closely, I think Gov. Cooper and Citizen85 are correct. Section C suggests if the governor feels the emergency is sufficient, the governor can act without the Council of State.
> half baked rejects of a base  You give them too much credit.
Is he actually related to Nathan Bedford Forrest, the wonky looking confederate soldier monument like Forrest Gump is?
Yeah I know, hard to miss the signs he stuck on the side of the road. My point was just that they just quoted a random line from the movie rather than something relevant.
>maybe I should just stop using reddit  I don't think anyone's gonna disagree with you there.
They're joking, they didn't seriously want you to title the post that.
r/woooosh
You don't have to be a lawyer to know that laws don't disappear when a crisis happens. We have laws explicitly to deal with contingencies such as this.
Wait, was there just an actual misspoken point, a debate, and an agreement resulting in changed viewpoint?  You kids must be new to Reddit 🤣
Glass half full? Meh, who am I kidding...I'm too cynical these days.
I mean, I would love it if any time his name was written, in any situation, it was written as "Dan Forest, An Idiot"
I'd be fine with it.
So you're telling me that we shouldn't even be going through phases and we should be open? Because Cooper was capable of doing that just as he is with requiring mask and restricting access to bars/gyms.  Just want to know where everything stands if that's the case.
Open in the sense of everyone going about there business as normal, or open as in the government not mandating restrictions?
Open as in Cooper would have (and has) been challenged on all that I've mentioned yet he's been able to uphold those restrictions.  If the argument Dan Forest is making is the case here then everything should just be open as people have been challenging in court since this all began.
I don't think the government should force businesses to close, people to stay home, or mask usage. That doesn't mean that businesses shouldn't close, people shouldn't stay home, or masks are a bad idea.
Businesses and individuals don't seem to share that same sentiment as you. Many would rather pretend everything is fine as the world burns around them and in turn spread that fire with their burning bodies to everyone else.  Sometimes when we see that people are incapable of making rational decisions for the health and safety of the citizens as a whole rules and guidelines need to be drawn in the sand to guide them down the path that will benefit us all as a whole more than the few that want to remain selfish.
Oh yeah, well maybe they wouldnt have to if people wouldn't be fucking idiots about the whole thing. Do you also think the government shouldn't require seatbelts? Or traffic lights? What is the point of a government if they can't protect the people they represent? People have proven to not be responsible fucking adults so yeah the government unfortunately has to require people to take the simplest fucking precaution to slow the spread of a deadly virus.  And by the way, it is totally possible to actually send support to people that need it, but the GOP doesn't actually want to help people or small businesses, they just want to bitch about "muh freedom" (with a dose of corruption).  Poor management and outright fucking denial of the virus is what got us in this situation to begin with. Controlling the spread faster will allow safe reopening.

YSK: Many bars on Glenwood South will be open this weekend and staffed by employees who are known to have contracted covid-19 or been around those who have. Management at several locations is well aware of the situation and decided to open anyways.

In an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. We will manually review your post and activate it if it fits the rules of this subreddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*

NC judge denies bar owners’ request to reopen in Phase Two of COVID-19 rules

And yet Glenwood South bars are opening tonight. Hope they get their licenses pulled.
Why? What is the difference between them and “restaurants” that are basically just bars
Who said I supported restaurants being open? Although even if I did restaurants have the ability to adhere to social distancing by blocking off tables and giving people space. Grinding on the club floor doesn’t offer that same ability.

Happy PRIDE to everyone from Raleigh, North Carolina! The world has completely changed due to COVID-19 & that includes the lack of Pride celebrations throughout Pride month! You can still have Pride in yourself & educate others about LGBTQ history not only here in the United States, but the world!

I thought Raleigh did the pride parade in September? Or is that Durham?
Cool shot.
Here’s a fun video for [Raleigh Pride!](https://vimeo.com/430830951/df5f7d88f3/settings/privacy)
Pride is the worst of the 7 deadly sins.  Why is it so bad? Perhaps because you cannot see the errors of your ways.
That's Durham. Last weekend in September.
Durham does in September..
In an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. We will manually review your post and activate it if it fits the rules of this subreddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pride is actually considered to be the deadliest of the Seven Deadly Sins because it's a "selfishness that puts one's own desires above the welfare of other people". LGBT+ Pride is the opposite of that. It's celebrating a community to the benefit of all people by promoting equal rights for everyone.   Wrath on the other hand is also one of the Seven Deadly Sins...and you definitely sound like a hater.
Sorry that we weren't killed at a more convenient time this time. /s  What about the fact that black trans people are murdered at a disproportionately higher rate than any other group of trans people, and very few of those deaths ever get any coverage, attention, or killers brought to justice? Its not a matter of 'hijacking'- injustice exists for more than one group, and it's ok to stand in solidarity with that.   BLM is absolutely standing with our LGBTQ family, especially those who have been historically silenced.   After all, a queer person of color started the Stonewall uprising. ✊🏾
Yikes. Reprioritize dude
I was talking to my brother today about how annoyed I was that all my international travel (work and leisure) was canceled.    Of course in perspective other people have had it soooo much worse.  But it’s still okay to be disappointed.
Lmao. I love this mentality of the left. Y’all just wanna have beef with everything that doesn’t suck you off.
To add on to this: June is National Pride Month, while the NC Pride event happens at the end of September (with the parade being in Durham).
Thank you for responding. I must argue though, how is a parade of perverse behavior putting the welfare of straight men or women above your own welfare?  I'm willing to tolerated it, however I find it disgusting.
<3 as a white gender conforming bilady my pride celebrations can wait. Black lives matter more than a party to celebrate how far weve come especially when so many of our victories and battles have been fought by BlPoc.
How many black trans people are murdered annually? Are we talking about police murders or what?
That is correct. NC Pride is held throughout the region in September, while the parade is held in Durham. OUT Raleigh is held in May in downtown Raleigh. Many of the local LGBTQ festivals for this area are held outside June in cooler months when it isn't so hot.
Why even comment just move the fuck on with your preachy bullshit if it truly disgusts you so much?
The fact that you call it perverse behavior indicates that you're homophobic and it doesn't matter what I say to you at this point. You're either just trolling or have a hate-filled heart. I hope you find God or a sense of human decency, if you're non-religious.
>I'm willing to tolerated it, however I find it disgusting.  That is not tolerance. It is none of your business TO find disgusting... I find it disgusting that you care so much about what other people do in the bedroom.
It was still hot as balls for last year's parade. Sometimes I wonder if it would make any difference weather wise if they moved things to October.
Homophobic means having a fear.  I don't have a fear, I just don't accept that the LGBT community is living life correctly. I chat with homosexuals but usually same stories of living through pain of some sort.  If you believe if there is a God, you must also believe that he designed things to operate a certain way. For something or someone to go against his or her original purpose would be a perversion.  So the question would be, are you attempting to live life with a transcended view pursuing what is right? Or, are you just wasting your time, living off of feelings, waiting for the day you die?
I think the guy you’re responding to is an idiot, but he’s right that you can tolerate and still be disgusted. As long as you support the freedom to do so, be disgusted.  Vegans tolerate meat eaters but they’re disgusted by meat.
The average life expectancy of a black trans woman is approximately 35 years. *Misquoted Statistic*  Do you think LGBT would have the rights we do if it wasn’t for people pushing racial equality?  I’m sorry the largest civil rights movement in recent history is “hijacking” your pride /s  Edit: I blindly quoted a statistic that may be factually incorrect. Here is a link to the [report](http://www.oas.org/en/iachr/multimedia/2015/lgbti-violence/lgbti-violence-forms.html) where more accurate information can be found
Then why are there straight people who are unable to have children? Why are there straight people who don't want to have children? Not everybody is here to procreate. Straight people don't try to get pregnant every time they fuck. What about oral sex? That's not for procreation.      All of your stupid talking points about completely made up "natural" rules are illogical and dumb, that's why the SCOTUS could no longer argue against allowing same sex partners the right to marry. Those talking points are outdated and now seen for what they are.     If your religion tells you that dudes boning dudes is bad, then don't bone dudes and just stfu. Thanks.
Who are you to dictate what the natural order of things should be? You're not God, nor do you have the authority to speak on God's behalf. There are literally homosexual animals (dolphins, monkeys, etc.) and you're gonna tell me that being gay goes against some hypothetical "natural order". Don't try to use the bible as justification either. That book has been edited so many times from the original word of God to add justification for the ignorant views of people like yourself. Just admit that you have some weird kind of obsession with controlling and judging others. I can't really understand why you would care so much about what other people do with their lives unless you were jealous of a lifestyle that you yourself are being denied. If this is the case, then we can add envy to your growing list of deadly sins.
Does that have anything to do with hormone therapy? Life expectancy can’t be solely based on murder. What other factors are in play with that 35 year life expectancy statistic?
At the end of the day we all fall asleep.  At the end of our lives whether by buss or old age we all die.  In Genesis 1 it says mankind was created in Gods' image.  So, from that simple verse, not only is our lives sacred unto God but everything about our lives including sex is sacred.  These views have been held for thousands of years.  Just has Homosexuality has been around for thousands of years (Genesis 19:1-11).  There is nothing new about any of this.  I would have to argue that pointing to lesser animals behavior to validate our own behavior seems like a step backwards.  To backup the validity of the bible we have the dead sea scrolls and manuscripts (over 5,800 manuscripts) such as P52 which validate that the new testament hasn't been changed.  It has been translated but scholars have done their best to keep the meaning of what was in Greek intact.  To go back further, Isaiah spoke of a King Cyrus (539BC).  In the British Museum you can find Cyrus's Cylender.  To go back further, there were silver scrolls Amulets from 600BC with Numbers 6:23 - 27.  So the Archaeological evidence is there, most people make a generalized statement that things have been changed.  We also know that many of the documents had different authors even though we don't know who the authors are, differences in writing styles which still record how people lived and giving glory to God through the ages.  It really wasn't until 5th century when all these different texts by different authors came together as what we call the bible today.
I’m going to backtrack after doing a little more in depth research...  The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights compiled a [report](http://www.oas.org/en/iachr/multimedia/2015/lgbti-violence/lgbti-violence-forms.html) on the age of death of murdered trans women of North, Central, and South America, not disaggregated by race. Apparently the 35 year life expectancy is a misquoted statistic.  That does not disregard the fact that trans women of color are disproportionately discriminated against or violently/brutally attacked compared to cisgender heterosexual people.
It's been shown that dolphins and whales rival humans in terms of intelligence but I don't expect you to be informed on current topics in science based upon your views.   https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.telegraph.co.uk/science/2017/10/16/dolphins-have-human-like-societiesbut-held-back-lack-opposable/amp/  But yes, let's go ahead and use texts that are thousands of years old and pretend that they've never been changed away from the original word of God by humans with their own personal agendas to control other humans. You're pretty much saying that humans are perfect creatures and that those who are in power would never attempt to twist the word of God. You then try to use unrelated historical evidence (Cyrus' Cylinder) because you can't really provide any proof that the documents weren't edited at any point. Mainly because you weren't there my friend.   Oh and don't get me started on the damn Dead Sea Scrolls. Do you remember when they discovered that the scrolls located at the Museum of the Bible in D.C were all forgeries? I would not use that as evidence for unaltered validity of the bible.  https://www.google.com/amp/s/api.nationalgeographic.com/distribution/public/amp/history/2020/03/museum-of-the-bible-dead-sea-scrolls-forgeries  You said that the New Testament has been unaltered based upon "evidence" from the Dead Sea Scrolls. Well if you actually read and study the Gospels: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, you would notice that there are big differences in the story being told by each book. John is actually the only Gospel that outright says that Jesus is the Son of God and there is plenty of evidence showing that it was written well after the start of Christianity. The Gospels themselves show active story editing occuring in the potential 40 years between when Mark was written and when John as written. Scholars also agree that not one of the Gospels were written by an actually eyewitness. These are supposed to be the foundation of the entire New Testament and they don't even all agree if Jesus is the Son of God or just a rebellious leader in Judea.  https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=124572693  With Cyrus' Cylinder...just because the Bible mentions that Cyrus existed doesn't back up that the Old Testament is the unedited word of God or really justify it anyway. It just gives us an estimated time that Isaiah could have potentially been written around (during Cyrus' reign in Persia).  Here is what it comes down to for me: I refuse to believe that God would be petty enough to punish or "hate" his children over something as trivial as sexuality or sex. It's both disgusting and disrespectful to bring an omniscient, ominpotent, and omnipresent creator down to level of humans.   It's sad how so many people will try to use the bible to justify that God wants people to hate others but then completely ignore everything regarding "living thy neighbor" and "protecting the defenseless". Cherry-picking from religious texts to justify one's own evil biases is a SIN.   I'd much rather take my guidance from God rather than the corrupt words of men considering all of the atrocities that men have committed in the name of God/Jesus over the past centuries.
What about trans men? I’ve noticed so much focus on trans women as of late, but surely the trans men see their fair share of discrimination, right?
I’m glad you’re such an expert 🙄
I wonder what percentage of those tried therapy?
About the dead sea scrolls, if they were forgeries then where are the originals?   The museum of the Bible happen to buy 16 manuscripts which were all fakes.  There were 800 manuscripts discovered.  I think the question a lot of scholars have about this is who has the fakes and who has genuine originals?  If God is perfect, so his judgments must be perfect.  If our entire lives comes down to a court scene with God as the perfect Judge, Who can be saved?  You might think something like lying or sex is trivial but how would a perfect being like God see it?  If you miss perfection by 1 inch your missing perfection entirely and thus God should pass judgement on you and me for that matter as being guilty.
They absolutely do not get the same amount of discrimination. A trans man has a much easier time fitting into a crowd of people than a trans woman
I don’t have all of the answers. I’m a white gay male so my experiences don’t qualify me to speculate or make assumptions this [report](http://www.oas.org/en/iachr/multimedia/2015/lgbti-violence/lgbti-violence-forms.html) May provide some answers to some of the questions you have
Right...because there are a plethora of mental health providers who have experience in sexual identity issues. And we have such a great healthcare system that everybody can afford them.
Are you sure about that?
No you aren’t
What are you on the defensive about?

Strip Clubs’ COVID-19 Secret?
I’m curious what everyone thinks of all of the strip clubs across the state that have opened up since we entered Phase II, and what is going on behind closed doors?Many of these clubs seem to have bent the rules by now claiming to be “restaurants” so that they have the ability to open legally in Phase II because they either have begun to serve food, or because they are simply trying to appear as a restaurant by claiming that they have a full food menu. However, they are as they always have been - an entertainment venue centered around social interaction and close, physical contact.Beyond that, I am aware that many clubs are implementing social distancing measures and masks only as a front in order to appear as if they are trying to prevent the spread. However, once behind closed doors or in private rooms, full contact is allowed, no masks are worn, and any concern about the pandemic is thrown out.What does everyone think of this happening daily? In our current state of affairs in which social distancing must be practiced and we all must do our part to try to limit the spread of the virus, these businesses are claiming to do this, but nothing is being enforced and even in private rooms, everything is as it used to be. Instances such as this - which appear to be very prevalent - are contributing to this virus continuing to spread, thus causing the restrictions to be held even longer and preventing us from approaching normalcy as quickly as we can if we all come together and do our part.
have you been to a strip club post covid 19 or are you making alot of assumptions? i imagine much like restaurants; the level of precautions vary drastically case by case.  while i do agree going to the stripclub mid pandemic isnt the brightest idea, people gonna people. people always gonna people whether you agree with their decisions or not.
I believe that the safety measures vary by business and what practices (or lack thereof) one business is doing is different than what another is doing. I know employees involved in the industry and what I stated in my initial post is based on what they have told me in regards to them returning to work and the current state of how their management/ownership is operating.
Not a news reporter in the slightest. Just wondering what the general consensus is concerning this.

Covid-19 Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with More Cases – New Update untill 27 June

It seemed like a noticeable acceleration in the last week across most of the top 15 states.   I wish this was per capita rather than raw numbers.  Thanks for sharing.

10% of NC coronavirus tests done come back positive this week :: WRAL.com

You tellin me they done come back positive?!
Thursday, Friday, and today have all been new record highs. Tests have been increasing, but cases are increasing faster. We still don't meet most of the criteria the government said they wanted to see before stage 2, and that went into effect weeks ago. If the government doesn't heed its own guidelines, it's hard to imagine average citizens doing so. Seems like many people think the pandemic is practically over in NC, when it has yet to even peak.
I have a question about the % positive stats.  I'm assuming that those who are getting tested are those who are either high-risk or are showing some symptoms and are showing up at the hospital / their physician office.   If 90% tests are negative and the surveillance report (page 8 [https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/Weekly-COVID19-Surveillance.pdf](https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/Weekly-COVID19-Surveillance.pdf)) shows damn near 0 cases of all the other COVID-like illnesses what do people have?  Allergies? Is this just routine high-risk tests.
Alternate headline:  90% of NC Coronavirus Test were Negative.
Nice hope all the people that were looting last weekend have it.
Only people with symptoms are getting tested.  Of course most likely it is a lie to keep the lockdown going.
I reckon
Lol that’s exactly how I read it. Thought the redditor was just being funny. But sure enough, that is the title of the WRAL article.  What a weird way to word a headline.
ah-hyuh'
Frat douche bros next door are still partying outside like its nothing. 100% agree the public is going to only take this as seriously as the Governor.
This is conjecture.  There seems to not be nearly enough nor well sampled testing to make any stable conclusions.
Anyone admitted to the hospital for any reason gets a test. Including expecting mothers, admittance due to emergencies, all other health issues requiring hospital care. A friend of mine was diagnosed with a life threatening cancer this week - had to get a COVID test to spend a night at the hospital even though he was fine and showing no symptoms. It came back negative but he’s part of that 90%.
Allergies, yes. Cold. And, yes, people admitted to the hospital get tested regardless of symptoms. I imagine health care workers and other high risk professions do as well. Also you might get tested if you were in known proximity to someone who tested positive.
There's also places like cvs that are allowing anyone to get a test if they want to now, but I'm not sure if those results are counted, though I don't see why they wouldn't be reported to the state
I ordered an [at-home test](https://www.pixel.labcorp.com/) last month after I had some chest discomfort and a cough for two days. Got my results two days later, negative. But you don't need to go to a hospital to get tested any more. Anyone can get tested. There's an urgent care up the street from me that'll do it curbside too.
statistically 10% is actually p bad
So that they can give it to you or your relatives? This is an easily communicable disease after all. You shouldn't want anyone in the same city as you to have it.
Neither of those things are true. Only people with symptoms were getting tested months ago. Now, virtually anyone entering a hospital or doctor's office is getting tested, along with anyone in the public that wants to request a test on their own. Given that situation, you'd expect the percentage tested coming back positive to go down, instead it's going up, which indicates more people getting sick -- in line with all the other statistics trending upward, like the number of people hospitalized.   https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard
The pressure to reopen is immense.  It's coming from all sides; from those with the $$$, people tired of being stuck at home, business owners, and out of work employees unable to put food on the table. The sad reality is until the numbers really start to peak we'll continue with the reopening.
probably so, but when the NCDHHS website says "Is North Carolina seeing a downward trajectory over 14 days?" above each chart that is markedly climbing, I think we can say Covid isn't over yet. I'm not against informed reopening at all, it just seems like there's increased indifference that left unchecked could put us back into another lockdown (unless we just yolo it until a vaccine comes around).
Sorry to hear about your friend. I know someone who ended up testing positive in preparation for surgery.   I am not really able to make heads or tails of these presumably all important numbers. Does the sample population (hospital guests, pre-op for surgeries, illness, etc) resemble an accurate enough slice of the real population to determine that these fairly are representative of all population?
I think there are still restrictions for CVS minute clinic testing.
Ah thanks. Do you know if your results get released with the others?
Doesn't that depend on what it was last week, which the article doesn't give?
Compared to what? Some places have seen numbers in the twenties. You have to take into account way to many factors to know what this number means. Is there blanket testing of industrial facilities or congregate living settings with full blown outbreaks going on? 10% of general pop testing would be alarming but if 1/3 of positives came from one general location it would be much different.
Had it twice already and don’t care.
Probably not. A coworker of mine had all the symptoms and missed 3 weeks of work. They wouldn’t test him because he did not experience breathing issues severe enough.   All signs point to the fact that far more people are or have been infected than we know. Nothing in nature is linear. Our positive results are linear with how many people we test so we know a given percentage of the population that has it and we know this is the minimum because we don’t test a corpse. Today was our highest yet. Reopening may have been what everyone (or maybe the most vocal) wanted but the evidence points to this being the wrong decision (if the goal is saving lives).
I work at CVS and you can just schedule an appt online, and go thru the drive thru for the swab. It's not at every location, and it's not specific to minute clinic locations either. But your doctor doesn't need to request one or anything like that, you can get one just because you feel like it if you want. I think ours are done by Quest, and they only tell you if you actively have Coronavirus from what I've been told (I work front store, not pharmacy)
I remember something either during checkout or in the kit that said my results would be shared with agencies and my insurance.
It's been an upward trend for two weeks now.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing
thats a shitty selfish attitude
There's something wrong with that graph.    How can the rolling 7 day average be ABOVE the number reported for every day in that average?
They are using a centered moving average, so it factors in +/- 3 days, instead of the previous 6 days. I plugged both testing charts into [Excel to confirm](https://i.imgur.com/QEsNnEf.png). At the end of the dataset they're either extrapolating forward 3 days or using some sort of smoothing on the trend line, both of which seem like a poor choice since this isn't a forecast. IMO they should either use null values or the line should stop at 3 days ago. I'm not an expert though.

Coronavirus free testing in Raleigh Carya Road. Wife plus eldest daughter and I signed up two days before and we got done in about ten minutes. Just a simple nose swab, not too deep! Take any ID you might have for each participant but the guards didn’t really check much. Get tested!

How did you sign up? This is for anybody not just people with flu like symptoms?
Maybe I’m missing something, but why should we go get tested if we have no symptoms and no reason to believe we might have been exposed, etc?   What’s the purpose when I could get tested today and exposed tomorrow? It seems like we’d need to get tested everyday.
Free if you have insurance or free free?
We really want to test a lot, particularly for a disease that has so many asymptomatic cases and the ability to spread before you show symptoms. The information might not be so useful for you, but it's extremely valuable from an epidemiology standpoint to get a better grip on how widespread it is.
Where?
How long does it take to get results?
Just got our daughter’s results; wife and I still don’t have ours. In-laws were tested in Fuquay and one of them got results before we did in Wake; the other is still waiting.
Just make sure the consequences of testing positive aren't that you are forced to quarantine for 14 days by your employer; unless you can afford it.
This was just from June 1st-5th. There are no more appts on that site
What’s the point now
 [https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/](https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/)
Say you have been doing socail disstancing and staying away from folks as much as possible out side of a trip to a grocery store real fast or a hardware store trip here and there.  Saay you have a family member who has been doing the same but you and them dont live in the same house.   You would like to spend more time up close with them and them maybe see grandma and grandma for sunday dinner or a small gathering of close family for some reason.   If those folks can get tested they can gather with much less fear one might be positive.  There is sstill a chance they picked it up from test time to results time but it betteer than nothing.   I have an adult kid in ga who has to work here and there but otherwise stays at home and avoids people We do the same except we dont have to work. It would go a long ways to making all of us feel better about her coming to vist if we could all get a test and get resuts in just a couple days.  If it takes 10 days to two weeks to get results its about useless
You can test positive days before you show symptoms. You can infect others while pre symptomatic. ~35% of infected are estimated to never show symptoms , according to CDC estimates.  There’s a bunch of good reasons for people who do not show symptoms but have recently attended an event they would be at heightened risk of catching the virus. The whole “test those with symptoms” was a product of testing capacity restraints and not because it is the optimal path towards mitigation.  The optimal path would require perfect surveillance and contact tracing of the positive. We can’t do that, so this is another way to *efficiently* cast the testing net out into the public instead of the resource hog that would be daily testing of every person. Testing every day would require several magnitudes of tests more than we can possibly do and waiting for those that are infected to show symptoms would result in them passing the illness at a far higher rate before they find out they a positive than would be the case if you nipped their asymptomatic transmitting time down a day or two.
Free free  [https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/](https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/)
 [https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/](https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/)
I would hope that anyone with a positive coronavirus test would be willing to quarantine regardless of what your employer recommends.
That makes sense, thank you. My husband works everyday outside of the home so we definitely have a chance for daily exposure, we spend no time with really anyone else.   We’d need daily testing.
It's not really about what the employer recommends, but what the employer is forced to do. You can imagine the public outrage/negative press of having someone who tests positive working in your retail establishment and it going out on social media.  OR, if the employer provides B2B services, I'm willing to bet the business clients have stipulations regarding contractor employees who test positive.  Put simply, it may be the employer's involuntary action to lay someone off (or not schedule them for work), if they test positive.
Yeah I'm not following how doing a single test that likely comes back negative really helps at all if you could be exposed in an ongoing basis.

Cooper, Cohen: Coronavirus metrics moving in wrong direction to allow schools to reopen in August

I’m puzzled by the guidelines, particularly social distancing: It requires to mark 6 ft in waiting & reception areas, restrooms & locker rooms, and “always stay 6 feet apart in lines and at other times when they may congregate.” As far as I know, students spend most of their time in classrooms. Do students in a classroom count as “congregating”?  Shouldn’t socially distancing guidelines put uttermost emphasis on classrooms? Why it seems to me classrooms don’t exist in schools at all? Or maybe there’s no way to keep students at least 6 ft away from each other so just pretending there’s no such things as classrooms? Am I totally missing something here? Please enlighten me!
Just want to remind everyone that you can see updated data each day at noon at the following page:  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)   I keep hearing people say "oh we have just increased testing, and the % of infected as stayed the same, it is just more testing" This is not accurate and the data is available for anyone that wants to look at it.    We have seen a slight increase in testing. We can use yesterday for example 8,887 tests were completed 938 were positive that is 10.55% positive.  We can compare that to May 8th when we entered phase 1 when we tested 7,892 and 471 people tested positive. Which is a 6% positive rate. Our % of new positive cases has been increasing since May 8th as things open.
This BS planning to bring kids back to the classroom is just a waste of time money and effort. There’s no possible way to safely operate schools at normal capacity and no means to reduce capacity. Further once teachers start getting sick the whole system falls apart.   We should be devoting resources and planning now on how to make remote education as effective as possible and finding ways to overcome the barriers many children face at home.
All those requirements and we’re not even talking about the other lists of changes when it comes to actually educating K-12 kids that will likely not be allowed to continue sharing books, supplies, computers, etc.. (goodbye art, gym, and most all the good STEM classes this year if kids can’t closely interact with each other or use shared materials).. Also, who’s paying / providing all this new PPE (parents?) and what about all the special-needs kids that might have IEPs or other unique 1:1 requirements that teachers struggled with before shit fell apart?  I have a buddy who has a 9 year old ASD kid here in a Wake public school.. He recently shared that this past school year has been a nightmare with his kids teachers having constant (technical and control) issues with video lessons, the lessons being hastily thrown together with little if any 1:1 assistance offered afterwards, and then the teachers giving absolutely zero fucks about special IEP lesson requirements (which he said was a battle even before CoVid19).  - If that same level of care is going to be given only in-school, I fully expect to see protests by thanksgiving break.
What these numbers didn't account for was huge gatherings like the protests the past few weeks. Cases (if any) from those protests will be spiking enough before their July 1st date where the trend could flatten/steady again - or the threshold could be moved.
The lasting effects that we are going to see from not putting kids back in school (for the school age generation) to me are worse and riskier than COVID in schools (https://www.vox.com/2020/4/23/21233042/coronavirus-online-learning-teachers-students)  Especially as we are finding out that asymptomatic spread of COVID is “very rare” (https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/08/asymptomatic-coronavirus-patients-arent-spreading-new-infections-who-says.html)  Looking at past events that have knocked kids out of school for prolonged periods, many of the cohorts have shown to never quite catch up. We are going to change the possibilities these kids have if we continue to keep them at home, especially while they aren’t at much of a risk.  When you look at outcomes of minority students with school disruption, the situation is even more dire.   This isn’t the end-all of viruses, and the sooner children are together in school, the sooner we achieve herd immunity and a sense of normalcy for them. From the AAP: “Serious consideration should be paid towards strategies that allow schools to remain open, even during periods of COVID-19 spread,” they wrote. “In doing so, we could potentially minimize the potentially profound adverse social, developmental and health costs that our children will continue to suffer until an effective treatment or vaccine can be developed and distributed, or failing that, until we reach herd immunity.”  https://www.aappublications.org/news/2020/05/26/covid19families052620
This is blind spot. If you let kids back like normal, this thing will spread through a school like wildfire. I really don't want family members who are teachers going back.
No expertise in public schools but I’d guess it’s because class sizes are already too large and reducing the number of students in the classroom is not possible.
From what I hear you are not alone..  Think about most office buildings which have a fraction of the of people a public school has and (almost certainly) more funds to provide cleaning and PPE supplies.  Those offices under the best conditions realized pretty quickly that they aren’t designed for people to remain 6 feet apart with minimal contact, so sending everyone home to work remains their safest option.  - So how in the world will an over crowded and under funded public school successfully do better?  - - My guess is they wont, and the moment contact tracing kicks in and someone associated with a public school (parent,teacher,kid,staff) ends up flagged as a risk (let alone getting sick), this whole plan will collapse with kids being sent back home.
Wait why would flat percentages even be a good thing? Wouldn't our higher numbers only be not as bad if there was a decreased percent positive test rate? Damn if anything that's why we need to reopen schools.  /s.
I have considered this quite often when I see complaints about gyms and bars being open.  The real statistic I want to know is how many of these people require a hospital? what are they doing when they need social distance from their family? ( hotel? ). Are people recovering like this is a bad flu or is this still a deadlier rate?  I have a friend that still thinks this is due to 5G networks, and out of all the BS he said one thing resonated when I was searching for data to refute him. More people die each year from other factors like heart disease, and we do nothing to prevent these health issues near the level of fear we have done for covid-19.  NOw back to school issues ....  My boys are the worst with social distancing, youngest naturally picks up everything, one is distracted at all things to care about being 'the new safe', and the pre-teen seems to not grasp how to stay 6ft away from someone. I saw him stand and wait in front of a neighbors mailbox for the mailman to drop off the mail. He said he didn't want to get in his way, yet clearly had time to walk back or forward 6 feet.   I honestly don't want them returning to school and bringing it back home.
Are you just going to spew the same shit on every post about the virus?
Protests spike probably isn't being seen yet. This is Memorial Day Holiday weekend, restaurants and retail opening in phase two, etc.
The number of people protesting is very small compared to the general population. The real issues are the people who don’t care and haven’t been social distancing or wearing masks in their daily lives.
Making policy decisions from a cnbc article is no better than trump tweeting policy based on fox and friends.   Even if it is true, though, it is not likely true for presymptomatic people, and we can’t tell who is who until symptoms develop.   Also, while it may be true for transmission in the public, it is much less likely to be true in the home or in the classroom, where extended slobber swap occurs.  And finally, who are these kidsmeant to “catch up” to? Since every single kid is affected by this every one will suffer some detriment. Granted, preexisting disparities will become egregiously exaggerated. But massive coronavirus deaths in at-risk communities will have a highly deleterious effect on outcomes as well. Better to keep everyone alive and divert resources from police and military to education.
I am sorry the factual data upsets you so much.
Lol nice job getting downvoted
Guess you missed the articles from The American Academy of Pediatrics and Vox?  The cnbc one was simply reporting a statement from WHO.   It’s the cohort of kids. They will be disadvantaged to the group that has preceded them and that will come after them. Altering overall educational attainment and earning potential not to mention harming social development.  I agree it would be best to divert resources from police and military to education, but I simply can’t see that happening in this country.  When is the last time we’ve ever diverted a significant amount of resources away from those sectors?
Yes, because reddit upvotes are a solid metric for how you’re doing in life.
And [the WHO had to walk back it’s statement](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/5325282002) because of misinterpretations like yours.

Coronavirus Cases Are Rising in 20 U.S. States, With Sharp Spikes in Arizona, North Carolina and California

I'm curious to see what the next steps are. If this trend keeps moving in the wrong direction what options are left. I feel like another lockdown would be too economically painful and a lot of people wouldn't be on board   Do we make masks mandatory   Do we start handing out fines for people not wearing a mask or huddling in groups ?
Hospitalizations at a high, more people out and about with less wearing masks, and our leaders talking about opening things up even more.  How that all makes sense, let me know.
In NC, case numbers are up, but so is testing.  The overall 8% positive case number has not gone up.
Where are you in general? Do you have insurance? I'm happy to help chrck if there's any place near you that could do it.
I don't understand why covering your mouth and nose isn't mandatory yet, honestly.  As long as it's a suggestion, we're never going to see compliance high enough to return to any semblance of normality.
This post is unfortunately not accurate. We have seen a slight increase in testing, but the rate of infection has exceeded 8%. We can use yesterday for example 8,887 tests were completed 938 were positive that is 10.55% positive.   We can compare that to May 8th when we entered phase 1 when we tested 7,892 and 471 people tested positive. Which is a 6% positive rate. Our % of new positive cases has been increasing since May 8th as things open.   This data is updated daily at noon here:  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)
Targeted testing is not reliable for full population predictions.
My interpretation of this data is that number tested has been about the same since mid-May, but we’ve been creeping up in cases.     https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/north-carolina-coronavirus-cases-maps-graphs-live-updates/19010016/
THIS. We have enough tests available to perform randomized surveillance testing. I have no idea why they aren't doing this.
May 15, appx 7500 tests per day.  June I, appx 14500 tests per day   Per your website data, that's a huge increase.
> We have enough tests available to perform randomized surveillance testing. I have no idea why they aren't doing this.  Are you suggesting pulling aside random citizens, forcing them to be tested, and let the consequences (on them) fall where they may?
Yes, you still need a prescription to get tested and must meet several criteria that indicate that you DO have covid.
Of course not. Do it the way Iceland did.  [Iceland’s Aggressive COVID-19 Testing Helped Curb Outbreak](https://www.genengnews.com/news/icelands-aggressive-covid-19-testing-helped-curb-outbreak/)
You wouldn’t have to force people. I’d love a free test.
You don't need a prescription. You can walk into FastMed and get it done.
No you don't? I just did an at-home test at the end of May. I never spoke to a doctor or had to meet any criteria. Just bought it online, swabbed my nose, mailed it in, got the results online less than 48 hours later.  https://www.pixel.labcorp.com/at-home-test-kits/covid-19-test
No Fastmed near me.  The only thing I have is CVS and you have to have a prescription or one of the symptoms to get a test.

Coronavirus Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with more Cases - From 1 March to 16 June

Shit, we're in the club now.
Guys, we’re moving on up! We were #25 just a few weeks ago, now we’re #14! Keep it up! I know with some more laziness, ignorance and total disregard for ourselves and others, we can jump a few more spots! Keep your eye on the prize! We’re coming for you, New York!
We really up in this bitch
We are only 9th most populated state but I know we can hit the top spot for most infected. Go NC go 👌👍 #blessed 🙌

Raleigh BBQ joint thumbs its nose at NC's coronavirus rules :: WRAL.com

https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/he14z8/raleigh_bbq_joint_sign/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Cooper requires masks, keeps NC in Phase Two in effort to slow coronavirus spread
[https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article243760267.html?#storylink=cpy](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article243760267.html?#storylink=cpy)A concerned North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper announced Wednesday the state will remain in Phase Two for another three weeks while making face coverings mandatory in public.The order that moved the state into Phase 2 on May 22 was scheduled to expire on Friday. It has been extended until July 17.**Exceptions to the mask requirement apply to children under 11, those with certain medical conditions and people exercising outdoors away from other people.**“I urge everyone to be a leader in wearing face coverings,” Cooper said. “I encourage businesses to be strong in enforcing it. Slowing the spread helps our economy, and these face coverings do that.”The moves come as the state continues to fail at hitting key benchmarks in its effort to slow the spread and serious cases of COVID-19. “North Carolina has been careful in lifting COVID restrictions,” Cooper said. “And it’s because public health experts warn that removing restrictions too fast or all at once can cause a dangerous spike in the virus that would overwhelm our medical system.“Our cautious approach is like a dimmer switch, rather than an on/off switch. Over the past weeks and months, even as we’ve slowly turned the dimmer switch up and eased restrictions, we’ve seen community spread of the virus increase in North Carolina.”Cooper previously said there could be a statewide mask mandate and that mask mandates should have some type of enforcement. Raleigh and Durham already require the use of masks or face coverings. Now that requirement is statewide.“We’re adding this new requirement because we don’t want to go backward,” Cooper said. “We want to stabilize our numbers so we can continue to safely ease restrictions, and most importantly, get our children back in school.”### NC coronavirus trendsOn Wednesday, the state reached its second-highest reported daily number of patients hospitalized at 906. The single-day high of 915 was established Tuesday.To further relax social restrictions, state health officials want to see either a downward trend, or in some cases a sustained leveling in the daily trends in the number of lab-confirmed cases, hospitalizations, percent of positive tests and people presenting in emergency departments with COVID-like symptoms. Dr. Mandy Cohen, secretary of the state’s Department of Health and Human Services, showed data during a Wednesday news conference that shows that is not happening.“These concerning trends tell us that if left unchecked the virus will continue to spread,” Cohen said.In addition to the rising number of hospitalizations, the number of new reported lab-confirmed cases was 1,721 on Wednesday. That’s the second-highest daily total DHHS has reported since the pandemic began.DHHS reported the percent of tests positive was 8% in its latest update on Wednesday. That’s down from a high of 10% last Saturday. The number hasn’t been below 8% since May 26. Mandy Cohen has previously said the state wants that percentage at 5%.
FINALLY.
FINALLY. Saw far too many people out without them and knew it would lead to extended stay at home orders.     I am close friends with someone who refuses to wear a mask. This person is a long time close friend of mine, but we couldn't differ more politically.  I am able to have in-depth conversations with him without it blowing up into a name calling session.      *Here is his argument:*     He wore a mask at the very beginning. Before I did and most of us did. He was wearing one at the grocery store before the US even had a case. I personally questioned him and called him a conspiracy theorist (semi-jokingly). Then the virus hit the US.     Then Dr. Fauci says people shouldn't be wearing masks. ([he sent me this link to prove it](https://twitter.com/ninjjaz/status/1274196923772219393)). Then Surgeon General says masks don't work ([he sent me this link to prove it](https://twitter.com/Surgeon_General/status/1233725785283932160)).       I explained to him that they were trying to stop us from buying PPE while hospitals were overrun. But he responds by asking why they didn't just tell us to use face coverings or t-shirts like they are doing now? He explains why this started his distrust of the whole mask thing. Now he refuses to wear it.      I've pointed him to studies on masks, I've sent him tons of articles but he keeps saying that if masks work then they knowingly lied to us without trying to protect us by suggesting cloths or any kind of face coverings. If masks don't work, then they are lying to us now to  (in  his words) control us.      How do you argue against someone like this? I understand his points and I understand his distrust, but my point is, whether it works or not, wearing one doesn't hurt anyone and it might help someone. Sorry for the rant. Just exhausted over this guy's argument and the feeling that I dont have a good way to make my point to him.
I just want to go to the gym 😭😭😭😭😭 but I don't want to die 😭😭 😭😭
Kids under 11 are exempt? Why? Are they immune? No. Can they still spread it if they get sick? Yes.   TF?
How long until we get the fully armed protests that will not be met with tear gas and riot gear?
 The business will need to essentially kick people out or they will get in trouble legally. If the customers refuse to leave, they can be sited for trespassing.
Yes, though this seems sensationalized. The word “require” only has any meaning if the requirement is actively enforced. I haven’t seen anything that suggests that they intend to enforce the requirement with any real penalties.
/r/bodyweightfitness/
You obviously don’t have kids.
Kids under a certain maturity level can't realistically be expected to wear a mask correctly and not touch their face. Parents can certainly try their best, but it's going to happen, and the face touching is riskier than not wearing a mask.
Do you not see how difficult it is to even get grown ass adults to wear one?
I think it's that kids aren't really able to wear them in a way that prevents transmission. Kids are messy and may be constantly touching their face and masks. If parents are having to constantly adjust them for their kids, it might defeat the purpose of wearing the mask in the first place. At least, that's one of the reasons I'm aware of.
Probably nothing will get the anti-maskers to follow the guidance, but it does send a message to people who were getting lazy about consistently wearing a mask or (for whatever reason) still unsure about whether mask-wearing is a good idea.  Hopefully that helps get compliance up enough that the transmission rate starts to flatten/decline again.
Wow that really clears everything up. Thanks for that contribution.
My son touches his face with a mask AND gloves on. There is literally nothing a parent can do short of tie their arms behind their backs...
I work in a public space, I know how difficult it is to get adults to wear masks.  I also have to remind adults, as if they were children, to wear their masks.   Just because children are less disciplined doesn’t mean we should exempt them.
No problem!

Glenwood South busy on Friday night defying North Carolina's coronavirus restriction

the misspelling of y'all as "ya'll" on the sticker adhered to one of the club doors is not even the most embarrassing part of this video...
This pandemic is a great lesson in delayed gratification. It’s going to be way more fun going out once this is over compared to than right now. International travel returns along with sports and concerts. No capacity limits in businesses, all bars are open, new movies, and amusement parks reopen. A size able portion of the population does take this seriously which means there’s “less fish in the sea” if you’re single. Maybe a friend can’t really join you because the pandemic is hurting their business or livelihood.   A night of over priced drinks really isn’t worth delaying all of that coming back.
Is there a more douchey part of Raleigh than Glenwood south?
Certainly worth risking the lives of yourself & others to drink a bud light in public lmao
I'm slightly more offended they really left the house dressed the way middle school kids did in 1998. The ignorance was already expected.
Young and dumb. Guess you can't fix stupid
https://youtu.be/Hj_bTbfAEsc
"y'all" is a contraction of "you all."  What is "ya'll" a contraction of?
This is what I tell myself as my plans to visit Europe are pushed back indefinitely
This is a little bit more of a glass half full wya of looking at it. I like it 😊 will have to keep reminding myself when I feel down about current life.
Just think, when they lose their sense of smell and taste they can always fondly remember the taste of that bud light and the smell of axe body spray!
I know at least get a real beer.  If you are going to live life to the fullest don't drink bud light.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Here you go https://bloximages.chicago2.vip.townnews.com/hanfordsentinel.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/e/9d/e9d37185-26ae-5826-a96b-fdef0f18b86c/5ed6b71048bae.image.jpg?resize=1200%2C800
Oh damn, you went to Chicago this weekend? How was it?
You sure are a lot of people. Is COVID a false flag operation perpetuated by the Borg?
that was a visual representation of my covid proof outfit

