COVID-19 hospitalization update for June 1
Three days ago, hospitalizations were trending up and reopening was a bad idea. Today's the second day in a row that the moving average in hospitalizations has trended down. [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard) I know the media's not going to report it, so there it is. It does not mean much but it means as much as the bad news three days ago.Stay positive.
Just wait it’s going to even higher in a just a week or two.
Thanks for posting. This is for NC as a whole, correct?
Uhh ... the math on that supposed "7 Day Rolling Average" line doesn't work out.  The 7 highest single-day hospitalization numbers have all been in the last week.  They average the 7 highest and somehow come up with the average having gone down?  Math doesn't work like that.  Holy shit, is NC cooking the numbers on its COVID-19 dashboard like FL did?
It might very well. The point of the lockdown was to keep us below hospital capacity. So far, so good.
Correct
Yeah, so they have their trend line mislabelled.  It's not a "7 Day Rolling Average."  If you download the file, in the download, they label it "Moving Average of Hospitalization from the previous 3 to the next 3 along Table (across)."  And for recent days, where there aren't "the next 3" yet, they just average as many days as they have.  So the last data point only averages the last 4 days, the one before that 5, and all before that 6.  It's never a 7 day average, and it's meaningless to compare the last two points in the average to anything before that.
Might want to rethink that. Nothing wrong with the chart.  Do you understand what 7 day rolling average means?
Dude, you're embarrassing yourself.  Do it on a calculator if you need help.  They show 650 cases for today.  8 days ago, they show 627.  So tell me how you replace 627 with 650 in your average and have the average go down.  WRAL gets it right on their page.  Scroll down to "NC CORONAVIRUS DEATHS AND HOSPITALIZATIONS" and click on "7 Day Average Hospitalizations".  Today is the highest average to date: https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/article241168731.html
No, it's definitely either mislabeled or on the wrong dates. Look at the rolling average dot on 5/19.  It is as high as the max of the previous seven days.    My best guess is that the rolling average line is actually offset by some number of days by accident.  Time math is hard.
There’s nothing wrong with the chart. In order to emphasize recent data, the averages are weighted so that the latest ones have more influence. Yes, math is hard, so don’t assume the analysis is wrong just because you don’t understand it.
Can't do it on a calc without the weighting being known. There are several examples in the past of the average dropping when it should go up on the 8th day. Look closer.  You're missing the point, though. Hospitalizations in the last three days are lower than the previous three.  If you \*really\* want me to be wrong and want more people to be sick, stick with WRAL. Until the data is updated to something less positive, I prefer to be an optimist. You do you.
My guess is that it’s some BS “trend line” from their stats package with no basis in the model or real stats. Like the WH advisor who used an Excel cubic trendline on fatality numbers.  More cynically, they may have tried a few different kinds of trend lines until they found one that looked like what they wanted.
7 day unweighted averages are used to remove the substantial day-of-week variation from the data.  Weighting recent days more heavily would be a new kind of brain dead, which is why nobody does that.
Actually, now that I am thinking about it some more...  If it was a weighted average, the line will change as weighted numbers roll off and on. Tomorrow a 600 will be weighted differently from today. I guess a screen capture today would catch a line change tomorrow if I cared to check.   That still does not fix the other places where an up day should lead to a line deviation upwards and does the opposite. All of the three plots have a spot or two where it does that.  Forest for the trees. The last three days show reason for optimism.
Do you understand why these charts use 7 day averages? It’s to remove day-of-week variation from the trend.  Weighting the days differently would make zero sense.  “You do you” about math. Perfect.
It’s called an exponential weighted average and it’s extremely common, especially in finance. If you’re trying to identify trends it makes sense to weight the most recent data. It would explain why the line is going down even though the daily numbers have been high.
Yes, weighted averages is what I am assuming. Note that all of the charts have anomalies like you pointed out, if it is a simple 7-day moving average.  Or, maybe you are correct, someone with poor spreadsheet skills is doing them.  Or maybe you're just smarter than me. Is that what you want me to admit?
I'm familiar with EWMA, but that's not what they're doing here (and it wouldn't make sense).  From the downloaded file, I figured out what they're doing (see reply to my own post up above).
You're right, I'm bringing more fire (or not making it clear where the fire should go) than is warranted here.  So backing up ...  Hospitals take in / discharge different numbers of people depending on what day of the week it is.  Because of that day-of-week variation, it makes no sense to compare, say, a Monday to a Tuesday.  It only makes sense to compare a Monday to a previous Monday or, as is usually done, an entire week to an entire week.  That's the fundamental reason why trend lines like this always do simple 7 day rolling average.  "Always" except, apparently, for the NC dashboard.  And that's what I find disturbing here (you're right, I directed some of that at you, which was uncalled for).  They *have* to know that, if they're using a weighted average, that makes no sense.
Very early in this ordeal, I learned to analyze the numbers myself rather than trust anyone else. Sounds like we are together on that.  I also posted this because on r/bullcity I was seeing increased cases trumpeted as if it meant increased rate of spread after a change in lockdown, while testing was also increasing. This is not valid evidence. I wanted to counter with what I hoped to be a different, more conservative, less panicked message-- hospitalizations, a better indicator, are not spiraling out of control.  I am honestly more interested in the message/hope/data that spread will continue but at a controlled, manageable rate.  I do understand your point. Weighted or not, it's not a good illustration of the trend. I look at days. I still conclude that we are in a controlled spread state, which was the intent of this phase. Until hospitalizations spike, that will still be my conclusion.

COVID-19 case count update for May 31 (+180%)

https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-in-nc-live-updates-for-june-1-2020/19123825/  >11:15 a.m.: North Carolina more than doubled the number of coronavirus tests administered in May compared to the month before. In April, 128,517 tests were given. In May, there were 287,772 tests. The percentage of positive tests has remained steady at 6.9%.
oh yeah, that deadly pandemic. forgot about that!
Some context from state level testing. In the past two weeks, the positive test rate for NC overall is 7.0%. In the prior two weeks, the state wide positive rate was 6.4%.  No real way to tell how Durham compares, but as a base rate, you could do worse than using the state-wide level as a proxy.
Thanks for sharing this. Certainly hope the longer term trend asserts itself in the coming weeks.
I would suggest you start doing updates. I started one for hospitalizations. The sensationalized bad news is dishonest.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 1 (+163%)

Do we still lack a denominator (number of tests performed)?
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 58 new cases and 1 death.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.4%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.2%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.1%.
I don't think we'll see a spike in cases/hospitalizations/deaths related to the current ongoing protests, which were pretty much all outside. We didn't see any spikes related to the ReOpen protests. Although smaller in number, hardly any of those Reopen folks were wearing masks, relative to the Floyd protesters. I think we're gonna see more and more that being outside is safer in general, and more business/group activity should be moved outside. That might mean closing some streets to have more pedestrian only zones, and having more seating outside. Also changing opening hours for various businesses so people don't have to deal with the midday heat.
https://www.heraldsun.com/news/coronavirus/article243199091.html  >The number of patients hospitalized by COVID-19 *jumped* by 66 to 716. That information came as **89%** of hospitals reported data on Tuesday, compared to **75%** on Monday.  >State officials said 77% of ventilators are available while 27% of hospital beds and 20% of intensive care beds are available. Those are signs the state’s healthcare system has room to accommodate new COVID-19 patients should a spike in cases occur.  -Unless I'm looking at it wrong, looks like the increase in hospitalizations is due to more hospitals reporting their numbers
Yes, and my sense is that we aren't ever going to get one for the county as a whole. The explanation that I got, which makes some sense, is that because the reporting systems cross county lines, there is no "Durham Co total test number" in a database anywhere. Take Duke for example, let's say that Duke reports a single number of tests to the state; those tests are being performed in many different locations because Duke is everywhere. So the state has no idea how many were Durham Co.   Of course, this would mean that someone is following up with positive cases to determine where the person lives. So it's not an intractable problem, just one that could have been avoided had they required more detailed data being shared for negative tests.  And maybe they did and the providers refused or couldn't provide that level of detail; who knows?  All in all, given the fact that we have limited public health resources, it's hard to fault them for not putting in a super robust data collection process early on. I wish they had because it would really help contextualize the local trade-offs between relaxing restrictions and increasing cases. But I understand why they weren't able.
Fear would go down if we had that.
It's not simply a matter of a growing number of tests. Percent of tests to return a positive result is also growing, at least in Orange County, but I think it's also true in Durham County (my wife works for Orange Co health dept)
6.4 and 7.2% may be within the margin of error. In other words, without more data in the trend line it may be impossible to tell if this is actually an increase or just noise.
Fingers crossed...
> We didn't see any spikes related to the ReOpen protests.  As opposed to those protests as I was, this sub need to eat a bit of crow on that one. We were very adamant they were going to cause deaths just by protesting. We dropped that completely when a cause we care about started being protested.
Fair enough, I suppose, but—as you wrote—it really does make it difficult to put the numbers into context. Even a number of tests *performed* in Durham County would be helpful, although with the relatively (relative to other places) low rate of incidence, a small misreport of the number of tests could have bad ramifications.  Thanks, as always.
> Percent of tests to return a positive result is also growing, at least in Orange County, but I think it's also true in Durham County  This is why people want the number of people tested, so we can determine how the % positive is changing
How are you using the term "margin of error" here?  People are probably most familiar with that concept from public polling where you randomly sample a portion of the population to poll. That is obviously not the case here since the people being tested are not a random sample of the population.  I haven't heard much use of MOE in the context of epidemiology.  Care to add some detail to your observation?
Imagine the thoughts these days of people that were forbidden from holding funerals for loved ones
> this sub need to eat a bit of crow on that one  and /r/Raleigh too:  https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fvo5ye/people_in_north_cary_park_playing_volleyball_and/  >"But I'm going nuts in the house."  >Selfish pieces of shit.  Yeah, the Floyd protests are a noble cause and all, but in terms of risk, it's not much different from that post
Oh for sure, but (very) broadly speaking, a lot of people talk like health departments are only looking at the data that gets reported in these little 1 page flyers. I just wanted to chime in that they are looking at more than that (they have professional epidemiologists on staff, after all)  If you dig into the more in-depth material, they do publish this info (see [page 9 of this PDF](https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/Weekly-COVID19-Surveillance.pdf), which is updated weekly).
All assays have a false positive and false negative rate that is intrinsic to the assay technology but also varies depending on how samples are taken, stored, shipped, and prepared. On top of that, guidelines for who receives testing have undergone multiple changes over the past three months, and these guidelines are not always followed carefully by all labs or providers. In addition, not all labs are reporting data in the same way or on a regular basis, so there may be “spikes” of positives that represent reporting schedules, not transmission. Finally, some locales may on occasion perform focused testing of high risk areas that are having high transmission rates (e.g., nursing homes) that can result in sporadic “spikes” of positives that don’t actually represent the ongoing community transmission rate as a whole. For all these reasons, I generally don’t look just at % positive as a comparison of two dates. Trend lines with consistent slopes are much more indicative of what is going on in the wild.
Let me check with my coworker who had to take her aunt and mother to a funeral in Ohio and all three got it. Hospital stays of 7, 10, and 15-days sounded unpleasant.
I'm in that group. I still think it was the right decision.
All good points, especially the variation in reporting schedules. Thanks.
How much of this funeral took place *indoors*?  Probably most of it I imagine
Ok. So you don't support this past weekend's mass gatherings, right?
Then surely you don't support this weekend's mass gatherings
The burial and reception were outdoors; the funeral was indoors.
I think you seem to keep misunderstanding that support, understand, attend, good idea for personal health, good idea for public health are not all the same thing. Nor, does everyone have to agree on the same exact set.   * I support the past weeks mass gathers in protest of the murder of George Floyd.   * I understand those protesting.   * I have not attended, choosing to donate to the NC NAACP instead.   * I am unsure if it is a good idea for my personal health.   * I do not think it is a good think for our collective health. But I am not a doctor.   It's a six month old pandemic (that's brand new in medical terms) and a 400+ year old American issue. It's bloody complicated and you keep asking for black and white "gotchas."
Just because my family choose not to gather for a memorial at this time, doesn't mean we don't feel certain issue are more important than others. For me, a young man being brutally murdered by the police, symbolizing many underlying systemic issues, is a lot more important to gathering to celebrate the life of a wonderful, but older gentleman, after a long battle.  I have choose to stay very safe throughout this entire pandemic. That was my choice, and my families choice. I am very close to going downtown tonight. I still wouldn't hold a memorial or go to a ReOpen NC protest. Much to the irritation of the sub (downvotes galore, whatever), I refused to take a hard stance against them though. Explaining many were unemployeed, hurting, and had a right to be heard. Just because I don't agree with an issue, means I will call them names.
Thanks for the reply. Your criticism is fair.  I'm simply frustrated that so many people, having urged (sometimes angrily) others to follow certain rules at (for some) great cost, now willfully ignore one of the most primary of those rules.   To me, it suggests one of two things: either people think these protests are so righteous that, in order for them to happen, many innocents must die, or (and this is I think more likely) they didn't *really* believe in the costly rules they imposed on others in the first place.
sounds like a lot of mental gymnastics
Aren't we all having to balance safety + other priorities? Or am I alone in that.
Of course we have to balance safety with other priorities. Like, for some people, being able to bury your dead mother.
I mean she's already dead, not like she's going anywhere. Bury her after all this.

NC COVID-19 hospitalization update for June 2

I am looking at the chart now and it says "716 people were in the hospital with COVID-19 on 6/2" and "650 people were in the hospital with COVID-19 on 6/1."  Are you looking at the change from 5/31 to 6/1?
Will check in a bit. Possible but the bar was barely higher. I do remember that.
I think OP is saying the sum of (today+yesterday+5/31) is less than the sum of the previous 3 days. I don't think that is an informative metric. There are currently 76 more people hospitalize today than there were yesterday, and the highest number of hospitalizations so far.
Yep, I think I looked too early. Pulling the post down since it's misleading /wrong.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 2 (+111%)

It's easier for me to see the mid-May bump on the confirmed cases chart:  https://imgur.com/Ykc28W5  I agree that a plateau is the best we can reasonably hope for at this point.  I keep looking at these things looking for good news, and it's just... eh.
Looks alright. Shutting down and social distancing was never meant to decrease the number of total deaths from this virus. It has always been about extending the period of time over which they happen, so our healthcare infrastructure isn't over-run.  Based on RTP hospital capacity being near all-time lows, it appears that our efforts are working.
73 new cases reported yesterday in Durham, but we also saw the trend line nose down. That means that the rate of increase from the previous two week period to the last two weeks went down quite a bit.  2 weeks ago, we had 65 new cases, but 4 weeks ago, we had just 10.  If the current pattern holds, then at least new cases will have plateaued, as opposed to continued acceleration. With re-opening, a plateau in cases can be counted as good news. Let's see if it holds in the coming days and weeks.
You have to look at 7 day rolling averages instead of the day-to-day. Beyond that, with increased testing the confirmed cases should go up so it's best to look at rolling averages of hospitalizations and deaths to get a better picture of what's happening.
It seems like it's still too early to make a meaningful conclusion either way but there's reason to be hopeful at least. I noticed the state positive test rate [looks like it may have plateaued](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing), but it's probably too early for the effects of people traveling much more over the holiday to show up in that data.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 3 (+128%)


Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 4 (+137%)

Bad news: over 100 new cases for the first time yesterday. Acceleration in new cases is still over 100% (measured by the most recent two week period vs the prior two week period).   Good news: NC (the entire state) reported the highest single-day test count (19k) and the positive rate over the prior week is still in the 7.2% range.  Also good news; at the state-wide level, more people left the hospital than were admitted for the 2nd day in a row.  On the topic of the increase in cases and the related increase in testing, some thoughts. First, it's likely that the Durham Co increase in new cases is related to the increase in testing.  Without knowing that Durham's tests didn't increase accordingly, we have to assume that Durham tested more people as well.  So the daily record we set yesterday in cases may not be as alarming as it sounds.  The flip side of that is that cases have continued to accelerate. We have 3 hard data points for Durham Co: new cases, hospitalizations, and deaths. Hospitalizations and deaths lag new cases by several days if not weeks.  So while the increased testing at the state level is a good sign, we don't know what testing looks like in Durham Co, so we don't know whether the acceleration in cases is due to increased transmission or increased testing. And we won't know the effects of the new cases on hospitalizations/deaths for a few weeks.   I am focusing on cases because it's the closest we have to an early-warning system of an issue in Durham Co. Everyone can interpret the data for themselves and act accordingly. If you want to rationalize daily case count records based on state-level testing records, that's one thing. Using hospitalization data and death data to brush off case count records is more dubious. We won't know whether today's cases turned into deaths for several weeks.
[Map of Estimated R0 by state](https://twitter.com/youyanggu/status/1268992999343525889/photo/1)  One of the modelers covering the pandemic shared a map showing the estimated reproduction rate of the virus in each state. NC is among the states with the highest transmission rate.
hey, how do you figure out the percentage? I can’t find it on their website.
whats the positive percentage vs amount tested?
Are there more hospitalizations and more deaths? I keep hearing more cases of corona virus, but I'm not hearing the other part of the story. I'm thinking there are more positive cases because more people are being tested, but does that mean more people are going in the hospital and more deaths are occurring?  This doesn't ever seem to be included in any news story - it seems the agenda is to scare scare people without having all the facts.
also I mean its not great that the possibility of older folks being infected could be serious and transmission is high but I guess the more that get it and survive the faster this thing could be squashed right?
Those hospital numbers are encouraging for sure. Thanks!
There's a little more bad news: the state's data is really hard to interpret meaningfully  In NC, all data is reported directly to the state, and distributed from there to the individual counties. I don't fully understand it, but NC's system has a specific and weird way of handling people who are tested multiple times. In effect, it means we don't actually know the number of tests that have been performed and how that aligns with the number of positive tests and the number of people. I don't know how many people get multiple tests so I can't say how much this can change the data, though  Orange Co health dept just realized this a day or two ago. I don't know what the other counties know about it
I have been recorded the daily totals and doing the calculation myself. You are right that it's not on the website anywhere.
We do not know the total number of tests done in Durham Co to get to that number of positive tests. See previous posts for why the total test count is not available at the county -level.
Yes, hospitalizations in NC have been trending up. The highest number the state has recorded is 717 which was set today.  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)
That is one viewpoint, but just be aware that a 2nd grader in Durham just died from COVID-19, so there are many folks that may not be open to that perspective right now (or ever).
Heard immunity likely requires 60-80% of the population to have antibodies. Do you support the infection of that many humans?
There's some evidence around the country that [cases are becoming less severe](https://www.pennlive.com/news/2020/06/upmc-doctor-says-covid-19-has-become-less-prevalent-and-less-severe.html) too. Anyone's guess why.
ok cool,  why’d you delete June 5th’s calculations?
I thought that's how I read it. but just seeing that number that was provided is scary, however if it was lets say 5% positive tests that's not as scary
>hospitalizations in NC have been trending up.  https://www.heraldsun.com/news/coronavirus/article243199091.html  >The number of patients hospitalized by COVID-19 jumped by 66 to 716. That information came as **89% of hospitals reported data on Tuesday, compared to 75% on Monday**.  https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article243299221.html  >Dr. Mandy Cohen, the DHHS secretary, says the most encouraging metric has been the percentage of people who visit emergency rooms with COVID-19 symptoms. That percentage has been declining, though state officials acknowledge that overall traffic to emergency rooms has increased, **perhaps as people’s fears about seeking treatment for non-COVID illnesses subsides**.  >The other two metrics — the number of new cases and the percentage of people tested who are positive — paint a mixed picture. Nearly 9,300 people have tested positive since Memorial Day, an increase of 39%. But the percentage of tests that are positive remains steady,**suggesting much of the increase is due to more extensive testing**.  >Cohen notes that North Carolina **hospitals still have plenty of capacity to treat coronavirus and other patients**, even with the resumption of non-urgent procedures. As of Friday, there were about 3,700 hospital beds and 521 intensive care unit beds available in the state, according to DHHS.  -More hospitals are reporting their numbers, and it looks like more people are going to hospitals that didn't go before; due to feeling more safe to go to them now, instead of staying home.
Oh I dont disagree. Now I'm not comparing this to the flu because it's not. However, the flu is dangerous every winter and we have thousands die from it, young and old. It's just damn tragic.
Herd immunity is a lot more complex than that. Those 60-80% estimates assume a static R0 but there's some research that the virus is far more heterogeneous in its spread and we could reach some level of herd immunity at a far, far lower figure due to its clustering behavior.  https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.02.10.20021725v2 https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.04.27.20081893v3 https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2020/05/why-do-some-covid-19-patients-infect-many-others-whereas-most-don-t-spread-virus-all
Doesn't viral activity typically fall in the summer months anyway? (I'm not a doctor, biologist, virologist, or anything related to or resembling any of those things)
It's actually normal for cases to become less severe, it's evolution.  A virus (or bacteria, or pretty much whatever) doesn't *want* to kill you, you are its food.  When you die, it dies.  Evolutionary speaking, the longer you stay alive, the longer the virus also stays alive, which means less severe strains of virus spread while the more severe strains of virus actually die out.  Remember H1N1?  It was a huge deal when it struck, and was pretty deadly compared to normal influenza strains.  However, now that there have been several generations of the virus, the serious strains have burned out and now H1N1 is now "just another flu" and isn't any more deadly than the average strain.    The same thing happened to the Spanish Flu, quarantining and vaccines didn't stop the Spanish Flu, evolution did.  If we can't find a vaccine for Covid-19, the same thing will happen, and Covid-19 will eventually become just another Coronavirus that people get all the time (a Coronavirus is the 2nd most common culprit of the common cold behind the Rhinovirus).
I hadn't realized that they posted both jun 5 and jun 6 at the same time. So I assumed the totals both for both days were just for jun 5. Pct change was inflated as a result.
A mixed picture is a great way to describe the stats. Some good signs, some bad signs. Certainly not a slam dunk story either way right now.
Keep in mind too that we have yearly flu vaccines to assist in that immunity; no vaccine yet for Covid. The herd immunity discussion MIGHT be more realistic at that point
Yes, but for three primary reasons:  1.  Humidity is not a great environment for most diseases for a variety of reasons, from causing them to "clump" together instead of spreading like a cloud when in the environment, to making your nose not quite as runny which means people who are infected don't spread it as easy, and most viruses and bacteria just tend to not replicate as well in moisture.  2.  There is more UV light coming into our atmosphere instead of reflecting away, and most viruses and bacteria die very quickly from UV light.  3.  People tend to be outside more, which means they are also further away from other human beings and viruses and bacteria don't spread as much through recirculated air systems.
That's my understanding of how coronaviruses work as well but I also share your lack of qualifications. Could be weather, could be mutation, could be face masks reducing viral load, could be that the mild cases were always there and greater testing is finally getting those cases...anyone's guess.
>Yealy said those observations apply to western and central Pennsylvania along with communities in New York and Maryland served by UPMC.  I wouldn't be surprised if these observations are found elsewhere. An Italian doctor [caused a big stir this week](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/02/claim-coronavirus-no-longer-exists-provokes-controversy.html) when he reported something similar, although in much more dramatic terms.  >“The swabs that were performed over the last 10 days showed a viral load in quantitative terms that was absolutely infinitesimal compared to the ones carried out on patients a month or two ago,” he told RAI television Sunday, citing a study from Massimo Clementi, director of the Microbiology and Virology Laboratory at the San Raffaele hospital, that is reportedly due to be published shortly.
Yup. I do wonder if it's mutating into something less virulent, I just didn't speculate that in my original comment because I haven't seen any actual evidence to suggest that, especially given that we're seeing a change in seasons, potentially the impact of masks, greater vitamin D levels...a lot of confounding variables.  But totally agree with you, I've long been skeptical of this idea that we're looking at deadlier subsequent waves of this virus. We might get more waves, just not seeing anything to suggest that they'll be deadlier other than what happened in 1918 (which is different for a whole host of reasons). It just doesn't fit the nature of viruses as you explained.
gotcha, thank you!
Sars is part of the yearly flu vaccine too right? So once a vaccine is ready for covid19 is it safe to assume that it'd be part of the flu vaccine

The University of British Columbia's COVID-19 Study

  Thanks mods for approval, we really appreciate it!  To the community of Durham,  As we continue to face changes as the COVID-19 situation evolves, we need your help to better understand how stress during this time impacts wellbeing and mental health. Please consider sharing your experiences in this research study. The information you provide can help to guide public health initiatives and policy changes that best promote emotional health going forward. For more information, or to participate, visit: [covidstudy.ca](https://blogs.ubc.ca/covidstudy/participate/)

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 5 (+168%)

2nd consecutive day over 101 new cases. Statewide positive rate was 9.3%. Highest single day case count for NC as a whole.    Not a great report.
Hospitalizations are also at their peak statewide (717).

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 6 (+138%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 48 new cases and 0 deaths.  We've been steady in the 130% to 150% range for the past few weeks in terms  of the acceleration of cases in Durham Co.  If we were to achieve a plateau in new cases, that number would need to be 0%.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.4%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.4%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.1%.  The state has recorded 3 days of +9% positive tests so far in June. In May, there were 5 such days in total. Hard to escape the feeling that transmission has increased here. The argument that it's because of increased testing is hard to reconcile with the increase in the positive test rate.
I don’t feel like any of this is unexpected. Wasn’t the ultimate goal to flatten the curve?
This is not the curve we want to flatten. Anything over 100% on this chart means active cases are doubling every two weeks or less. If we were truly flattening the curve, this graph would be dropping towards 0%, meaning the active case count would be staying the same.
Durham's curve is accelerating upward. We have not flattened the curve here or in NC to any meaningful degree.  Flattening the curve generally comes with reduced positive test rates. The state-wide test rate has been increasing per NCDHHS.
Sounds like moving goalposts to me  https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article243299221.html  >Dr. Mandy Cohen, the DHHS secretary, says the most encouraging metric has been the percentage of people who visit emergency rooms with COVID-19 symptoms. That percentage has been declining, though state officials acknowledge that overall traffic to emergency rooms has increased, **perhaps as people’s fears about seeking treatment for non-COVID illnesses subsides**.  >Cohen notes that North Carolina **hospitals still have plenty of capacity to treat coronavirus and other patients**, even with the resumption of non-urgent procedures. As of Friday, there were about 3,700 hospital beds and 521 intensive care unit beds available in the state, according to DHHS.  -The point of the lockdowns was to give hospitals breathing room, and they have it  -The goal was never to stomp out Covid cases or bring them near zero  >11 a.m.: Christian Lawson, Clinical Director of Emergency Services at UNC Health, said the hospital is ready to take on more coronavius patients as North Carolina's number of cases continues to grow. Lawson said PPE is more readily available now that China has resumed production.  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-in-nc-live-updates-for-may-29-2020/19119597/
Honestly, I'm not surprised this positive rate has increased as testing has become more available.   You only get tested if you think you might have it, so there is sample bias there. Before, when testing was limited, if you thought you had it you just quarantine and stay in touch with MDs via tele-health. Now MDs can prescribe a test.   I'll admit I haven't dug into the details as much as many others, but this doesn't alarm me very much.
I don't understand what the goal is in regards to flattening the curve. I thought it was originally to give hospitals time and breathing room to operate and take on surges. They apparently have that capacity, and have had it for some time now
If you don't understand the difference between cases equaling zero and case growth rate equaling zero, then I can't help you. No one is advocating a goal of zero cases, and to claim so is intentionally misleading.
This is exactly how I was going to respond. Thank you!
Sounds like you haven't sucked enough dick to me.
I agree that they have it right now. But if cases continue accelerate at the rate they have been, that will be in jeopardy.   I think there is a misconception that NC had an initial spike in cases, peaked, and has plateaued.  We have a small initial outbreak that has been accelerating for weeks. We have not plateaued and we have not flattened the curve in a meaningful way, especially in Durham Co.  So while we currently have hospital capacity, that is not guaranteed going forward.
100% agree. If we could get to 0% on the chart above, it would only mean that we have as many new cases as the prior period. Getting to 0% on this chart would mean we had flattened the curve. We are nowhere near that right now.
This year more than any I've learned that Americans don't have basic numeracy skills.
> difference between cases equaling zero and case growth rate equaling zero  In terms of messaging regarding flattening the curve, this is a distinction without a difference.  We were told early on we needed to stay home to protect our hospital workers and others on the front lines, so they would have space and ability to treat people as they came in. Well, they have that capacity, and no one (from our local hospitals) has indicated otherwise.   Remember, "Stay home for ME!"?  https://www.huffpost.com/entry/healthcare-workers-reopen-north-carolina-protesters_n_5ea87e8cc5b6e50adaf4b160  Seems like y'all forgot about that now
>I think there is a misconception that NC had an initial spike in cases, peaked, and has plateaued.  We have a small initial outbreak that has been accelerating for weeks. We have not plateaued and we have not flattened the curve in a meaningful way, especially in Durham Co.  I think this is true for much of the country outside of major metro areas. We braced for a devastating, community-wide spike that never came. Instead, we're in the middle of an incline on a very wide hill, and we don't know how high that hill is. Between the phased reopenings, Memorial Day gatherings and travel, and now the protests - there has been an increase in transmission.   Unlike before, people are now better educated on risk factors for the virus. I'm hoping most people will continue to be safe to keep this from getting as bad as it could be.
> I think there is a misconception that NC had an initial spike in cases, peaked, and has plateaued. We have a small initial outbreak that has been accelerating for weeks.   I think that had to do more with our testing capacity, which initially sucked for a long time. NC looked like it wasn't hit very  hard for a while, until we ramped up our testing. So now it looks a lot worse with our increased testing efforts.
Well nothing is guaranteed, but all across the nation there has not been a run on hospitals. In New York that was the hardest hit, they had the hospital ship that had 19ish patients, they had field hospitals that never saw one patient.   Has there been difficult times and decisions? Sure. However, we need to be realistic about what the real impacts on society are.
Many lack critical thinking.
Hello, I am a physician from Durham here to answer your questions.   You were told to stay home to reduce the rate at which the virus spreads. As an example, if 20 people with COVID-19 come to the ED every day, we can handle that. If that number increases to 40, then we have to turn regular beds into ICU beds. If 80 people come in daily, people will die in the streets outside of a full hospital.  So we need to keep the number of new cases constant, for example, 20 per day. That means a percentage increase of 0%. This graph shows that the percent increase is at 100%. If that keeps up, 20 patients daily will go to 40 and then 80. It is a percent increase. That is a distinction WITH a difference.  I hope you understand now. If not, I ask that you simply accept that you cannot understand this concept.
Right. I don't think we need to go back to any sort of full lockdown, but it's important that we recognize that we have not gotten through the outbreak and that the risk of transmission is as high as it has ever been here.   Those risks are manageable assuming we don't let down our guard.
I would agree with that except that the positive test rate has been increasing instead of decreasing. If the rise in cases was due to increased testing, you would expect that the positive rate would be decreasing, or at the very least flat.   Now I recognize that the only rate data we have is statewide, but I don't have any reason to think Durham is special as far as spread.
If you are suggesting that an NYC-style outbreak in Durham would be acceptable, I can only say that I disagree.
The hospital ship wasn't utilized because the federal administration would not accept patients unless they met very specific criteria. These limitations made the hospital ship useless. Real hospitals made regular beds into ICU beds and placed more ICU beds in lobbies. There ABSOLUTELY was a run on hospitals.  \- NC physician who speaks with NYC doctors who have dealt with this.
 I am sorry, I feel that you kind of contradicted yourself slightly. Ifwe are still steadily growing, and still at a high risk, wouldn't that be a signal to lock back down to some degree, or at least loudly put it back on the table to make sure everybody knows?
>only rate data we have is statewide,  correct. Orange County is also seeing increase in positives, without the same increase in testing. So while I can't calculate %positive for the county I think it's on par with the state's newly achieved 10% rate today.
The hospital ship did not have negative pressure rooms. That's why they planned to treat non-COVID-19 patients on it.
Fair point. Frankly, I don't know enough about epidemiology and public health to feel confident about making calls for this or that. I'm just a data guy.   It's very possible that if everyone continues to abide by social distancing rules and wears a mask when in public we won't get to an unacceptable situation here. It's possible that even on current trends, we will never overwhelm hospitals. There are just too many factors at play.  Everyone has their own personal spectrum for how they approach their daily lives in the age of COVID. It's the government's job to make pronouncements that apply to everyone. For me personally, the data suggests that our outbreak is intensifying, so I'm being as cautious as I can be. The data suggests caution. It's up to our public health officials and experts as to whether that means renewed restrictions or simply staying the course.   I think everyone needs to acknowledge how little we know about the disease, it's trajectory, and how things are going to play out from here.
The plan from the beginning was to treat COVID-19 patient and they did:  \> By the time of Comfort’s departure, the approximately 1,200-person crew and 1,000-bed hospital had treated just 182 patients, of which approximately 70 percent had COVID-19, according to Capt. Patrick Amersbach, commanding officer of the Comfort’s Medical Treatment Facility.  However they never treated many due to bureaucratic red tape.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 7 (+143%)

2020 is going to have multiple chapters in the history books. I'm sure there are plenty of people who think we are opening too fast, but they can't say anything now lest they want to all call for people to stop protesting BLM.  I mean, even for myself, protesting made me more comfortable being in public.
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 104 new cases and 0 deaths.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.2%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.1%.  Yesterday was a better day at the state-wide level for positive rate (just 6.6% yesterday).   And to reiterate, the graphic shows a horizontal line at 100% growth.  That does not represent a plateau.  If we were to get to 0% growth, that would mean that the same exact number of new cases occurred in the most recent and prior 2 week periods. 0% in this graphic would represent a plateau.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+143.5%), on Jun 22, we would expect to have seen 2,264 new cases since today (Jun 8).
I read somewhere that about 70% of the new cases in Durham were among the Hispanic community, which is massively disproportionate to the percent of the county which is Hispanic and really represents disparities in types of jobs etc. Do you know if that is true?
I do think something important to note that this is in partial a result of increased testing.  Which is good! Knowing is half the battle.     Also I have been following this for several months now.  I have noticed on a national scale in general we have less positive cases on weekends/early week due to reduced testing and resources for reading tests.  SO I would not expect 2200 today, but likely around Wednesday.     Stay safe out there!
Some good news: [WHO just announced asymptomatic spread is actually "very rare."](https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/06/08/asymptomatic-coronavirus-patients-arent-spreading-new-infections-who-says.html?__twitter_impression=true)  >"From the data we have, it still seems to be rare that an asymptomatic person actually transmits onward to a secondary individual," Dr. Maria Van Kerkhove, head of WHO's emerging diseases and zoonosis unit, said at a news briefing from the United Nations agency's Geneva headquarters. "It's very rare."  >[...]  >"We have a number of reports from countries who are doing very detailed contact tracing," she said. "They're following asymptomatic cases. They're following contacts. And they're not finding secondary transmission onward. It's very rare."
Based on your datas, whats the percentage of a typical healthy young to middle aged range person in getting covid.  Is it like 60% or 10% And if one does get it, whats the percentage of that will be serious?
Lab + cases have doubled in 3 weeks approximately according to NC dashboard.   https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard
Where is the best place to get a test in Durham?
> comfortable being in public.  The chances of getting Covid outdoors was always much less than getting it in cramped, indoor spaces, where outbreaks primarily occur. Public policy and opinion hasn't kept up with the science (of outdoor transmission) in this regard.     See this tidbit from Matt Gross with the state N.C. Department of Health and Human Services:  >"Studies have shown the odds for disease transmission indoors are approximately 18.7 times higher than *open air environments*," Gross told lawmakers.  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/bill-to-reopen-north-carolina-gyms-moves-to-senate/19134755/  -The risk outdoors was always overblown, IMO, and that goes for the various protests and other large gatherings outdoors.
Number of deaths are going down nationally:  https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/gyoi5k/us_reports_lowest_number_of_coronavirus_deaths_in/  Are we seeing that in NC too?
Look at # of lab positive cases and compare, or look at # of hospitalizations is more useful.  (they are also up about 30% i think in 3 weeks).     We will likely NEVER see 0 % growth, until we stop tracking.   (this is my opinion obviously).  Other countries did a complete lockdown. We had that chance and failed.  Now we are dealing with it as was start to open up.
I have really only been digging into the total case count information that the county has published. So I can't really say much about the breakdown by race/gender/age.    Anyone have a link?
The 2,200 estimate was for the entire 2 week period. For trend purposes, I'm only ever looking at a rolling 2 week period for the exact reason you stated.
I totally missed the meaning of your comment. The 2,200 number that I estimated is the number is new cases we would expect to see between today and Jun 22 if our rate of increase stays the same. New cases,  not cumulative cases.  That is to say that we would see as many cases in the next 2 weeks as we've seen to date (since Mar 9).
The people who tabulate these data probably don't work on weekends.  Which is why there is this type of graph.
What do you make of this? [https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/cohen-almost-half-of-coronavirus-cases-spread-by-those-with-no-symptoms/19135804/](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/cohen-almost-half-of-coronavirus-cases-spread-by-those-with-no-symptoms/19135804/)   It's in direct conflict.  "State health secretary Mandy Cohen said Monday that a new analysis of many studies shows as many as 49% of cases of the novel coronavirus are spread by people who are not showing symptoms."  Shouldn't they have a better idea of this shit by now?
So what is the WHO saying? Is spread of the virus still increasing at such a high rate in North Carolina because a bunch of symptomatic people keep going out in public and coughing around others? I find that hard to believe.
The WHO has since retracted that statement. Disappointing!
I do not have any data on age or what percentage of younger people who get it are hospitalized.  Sorry. Wish I did.   The one thing that I can say is that the more the number of cases increases, the greater the chance that any one person will contract the disease.
NYC is doing a good job tracking case and death rates by age and underlying conditions.  [Case rate by age](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1109831/coronavirus-cases-rates-by-age-new-york-city/) .  [Death rate by age](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1109867/coronavirus-death-rates-by-age-new-york-city/).  [Deaths by age and underlying condition ](https://www.fticonsulting.com/~/media/Files/us-files/insights/articles/2020/may/prevalence-underlying-health-conditions-among-covid-19-deaths.pdf) .  [North Carolina Risk Factors for COVID-19](https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/Risk-Factors-for-Severe-Illness-from-COVID-19.pdf)
A large number of cases in May were construction workers. I wonder if those were indoor \[Not a challenge; just a question\]?  [Durham Weekly Data Reflection](https://ago-item-storage.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/51038ed5fd6a4e04be18b9292a3fa70b/Weekly.Data.Reflections.06012020.pdf?X-Amz-Security-Token=IQoJb3JpZ2luX2VjEIr%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2FwEaCXVzLWVhc3QtMSJHMEUCIQCdjs8C%2Fnzls%2ByxwzS7KImu7qaIYUFlGciZt3eZpvbyTQIgVPALrSCagjLTGeV3x053%2BvWNO4DOhiIGveh4elj6MJoqvQMI8%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2F%2FARAAGgw2MDQ3NTgxMDI2NjUiDM7MnJR0M9m1B9OpRiqRA3BwqePAvEQmDvHD%2FqHNGtriw2uzFtku%2BSTK6wIE%2Bkw367J8%2FWXSflgP9NQR1c2oPEKHOqzLijIIaz%2BzoLyCU7x34vbZ6OPdSN%2BG1GSdXtn8uevOb9%2Bui%2F%2FLMBCVYW5NoFzjOmZJEY1Uhu6ybWuGlA5B7%2B7jTjwEK4SdeiMAdOGlCK3%2B0Lt4hPrLQVZlP6Nax7GzXia7bjhMsQ7%2Bg44Tx6oZ%2FJoDDT73ZfdohE2weGe0g63PqKubqUf4JxdKkPjrqXplF9ewOAt2xS4KodWe7aaVca0e3CDd8Q9k3tPhpqyKOxrnufNRvHKUgWDq83RyWrpvsGH7jV8zRk4JV2Rjv%2BswsgDZgwUT4FxtBACMWPG0Y5kh3vzvZ8b6xrL2D7SCAVcTzuATRy6bLgHO8i4DCmXOgC1eCtN%2Fmnz6wWJ20dDkgdhIeKE05vtlcV8bmPEonCLuWzW3kNhxiaEhBqLfqO9nunycaEaAJNN1CSbdnETt8mFTyFkoAqel6ua1QmNqlN41ZNAfnSLwxX8FWmvn5RIkMKbu%2BfYFOusBoXmezGbtVwcEzWeW%2BQtLZeJtqGrrPRhvkX0Fhu1YEyIV3k2WA5BJOX%2B74x4qPJv0ruokTusat61Tixt8Gp%2FpPMrEBJWCuM7ZBoGVWZ7D674tHkrsO2mOiE4LasKkn4Cz6Ogr9ue7vUB7NzRgq2akEHXIV6b3SMzCDpqm9l63ieek0ac1eH0bhi2QfuQuOZeHt9esACjtV2VzzFQ1zO0fnFQbVG2SjM%2B4L9KRZPw%2B0lbT3eNtsc1BxtYKyWy%2BlGW%2FkVAfwTDsAH%2B3gVssR6fnSmrd976%2FC%2FoCOtRnLXBZViQhkJhPDaMu237tVA%3D%3D&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Date=20200608T183725Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=300&X-Amz-Credential=ASIAYZTTEKKEVYATT64D%2F20200608%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Signature=6e9ad00e97b14c22f2a77affeef44cc865e278346e8965b4dd73538f96a3fc31)  Possibly relevant, but completely conjecture... most of those workers were Latino and most of the unemployed were Latino. It could point at the spreading environment being a job site OR just the opposite... spread in some social environment.
Fauci doesn't agree with this sentiment, do those studies account for conditions similar to the protests?
I can only speak to Durham, but we have never had very many deaths locally, so we have been flat in terms of deaths. I almost added some commentary about this earlier. So far, deaths here has been a bright spot of sorts.  But we only started to see the case count accelerate about 3 weeks ago, so it's probably too soon to say that will continue since deaths lag the detection of cases by so long.  It's possible that all the new cases are young people at less risk of a serious result from COVID, but that's an assumption and we won't know for sure for weeks.
Death data is noisy at low case counts and is the last data to show a change from a spike in cases, for obvious reasons. There has been a clear spike in COVID hospitalizations in NC over the last 4 weeks. We set yet another state record for hospitalized COVID patients today.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard
You can get a rough look at it from the "Demographics" section at https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/  Click the "View Chart" button.  I checked it right now and it's showing monthly percentages:  https://imgur.com/a/ehF6aUr  You can easily see the spike in cases among the Hispanic community.
There is also some more data in here:  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/51038ed5fd6a4e04be18b9292a3fa70b  "Hispanic or Latinx individuals are over-represented in COVID-19 cases: 67% of all cases in May are among Hispanic or Latinx individuals, while only 14% of Durham County residents identify as Hispanic or Latinx."  "In May, the greatest number of cases occurred among people working construction, unemployed people, and people living and working in nursing care facilities."
That makes total sense! Great breakdowns, always appreciated!
I wonder what the percentage of positives is over that time period. Like is that number increasing/flat/decreasing?  Even if it is flat that could be seen as a problem because that means there are likely wayyyyyy more cases and we just can't test fast enough, y'know?
Yeah, I dunno. The WHO has overall been terrible at messaging. BUT they're also basing their announcement on reports from countries with much better contact tracing than we have here, presumably places like South Korea and Singapore, so I'm inclined to place more weight on the WHO here. Plus there's no link to the NC research so I can't adequately judge either really.
People interpret "asymptomatic spread" to mean spread from people who aren't exhibiting symptoms. But an asymptomatic case is one where the infected person never develops symptoms, which is anywhere from 25-40% of cases. We know that people can be contagious 2+ days before developing symptoms; that is considered "pre-symptomatic spread". I'm not sure if WHO is making this distinction.
That is what is making me so nervous these days. I've made it 3 months without catching it, but now it seems like just a matter of time.
thanks! i’ll check it out!
I suspect that was indoor construction.   I'm involved with safety and health with a large construction association. The companies that primarily work inside completed structures or confined spaces (electricians, heating and air, drywall and finishing, etc.) are having significant problems with COVID-19. The companies that do outdoor work (highway, civil, utility, etc.) are having no issues at all, other than office and administrative personnel.  It's all really about the viral load required for the infection to gain a foothold in your system, and air movement and dispersal of virus particles in the air. The public is simultaneously overestimating the danger of outdoor contact, and underestimating the danger of indoor exposure.
https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article243299221.html  >Dr. Mandy Cohen, the DHHS secretary, says the most encouraging metric has been the percentage of people who visit emergency rooms with COVID-19 symptoms. That percentage has been declining, though state officials acknowledge that overall traffic to emergency rooms has increased, perhaps as people’s fears about seeking treatment for non-COVID illnesses subsides.  -I don't know if we're getting the whole story on hospitalizations though. We're not seeing a spike in deaths commensurate with the rise in hospitalizations.  We know more people are going to the hospitals now, because they apparently feel safer to do so.
At the state level, positive rate has been going up. NCDHHS said today that our positive rate is now one of the highest in the country.
>The public is simultaneously overestimating the danger of outdoor contact, and underestimating the danger of indoor exposure.  I posted this elsewhere in the thread but we may also be overestimating the danger of asymptomatic spread, as [reported by the WHO recently.](https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/06/08/asymptomatic-coronavirus-patients-arent-spreading-new-infections-who-says.html?__twitter_impression=true)  Sounds like the breeding ground for this is closely confined indoor spaces where symptoms might be hard to notice. Which makes perfect sense given how prevalent this is in nursing homes and meatpacking facilities.
Yayyy we're #1. Oh wait. Shit.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 8 (+118%)

Also, because it was mentioned yesterday, apparently the WHO is walking back their pronouncement about asymptomatic spread being rare:  [W.H.O. Walks Back Claim That Asymptomatic Transmission is Rare](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/09/world/coronavirus-updates.html)
Does this mean we are going to re-shutdown? It seems like a bad time to roll out phase 2 or whatever...
As long as we are discussing Coronavirus, this Doctor/Professor has been an invaluable source of reliable information with sources (and accurately reported since the very beginning before news outlets reported on any of this. I’ve been following him since January): [Dr. John Campbell](https://www.youtube.com/user/Campbellteaching)
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 77 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 67 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.6%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.5%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.1%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+118%), on Jun 23, we would expect to have seen 2,053 new cases since today (146 per day, an increase of 79 per day compared to the current period).

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 9 (+123%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 62 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 70 new cases per day. Statewide hospitalizations hit a new high as well (775, a jump of 35 over yesterday).  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.7%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.2%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.0%. Yesterday was actually a crazy report from the state in terms of positive rate. It was just 4.3%, which is the lowest rate in over 2 weeks.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+123%), on Jun 24, we would expect to have seen 2,186 new cases since today (156 per day, an increase of 86 per day compared to the current period).
>  Yesterday was actually a crazy report from the state in terms of positive rate. It was just 4.3%, which is the lowest rate in over 2 weeks.  https://abc11.com/health/covid-19-latest-nc-sees-record-high-hospitalizations-for-3rd-day/6240313/  >The North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services released new guidance on Tuesday about who should be tested for COVID-19. North Carolina is now focused on rapidly increasing testing of people who may not currently have symptoms, but may have been exposed to COVID-19.  -I wonder if changing guidance on who should be tested is affecting our positive testing rates
https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases  Is NC's case count trending down from last week? Looks like less cases this Wednesday than last Wednesday, if I'm reading this right.
Possibly. If the protests aren't a primary source of transmission, but a lot of people who protested went and got tested, that could cause a decrease in the positive rate for sure.  Of course, we'd want to see a few more days with a decreased positive rate before drawing any conclusions.
6/3 888 cases  6/10 1,011 cases  I do not understand how they calculate their 7-day average line. But cases definitely not trending down. And hospitalizations are at their peak.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 10 (+138%)

State hospitalizations continue to hit new highs.  812 reported today.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations  Is North Carolina seeing a 14-day downward trajectory or sustained leveling in the number of people currently hospitalized?  Nope.    This is kind of like watching grass grow, only instead that fungus spot is continuing to get bigger and bigger.
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 84 new cases and 2 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 76 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.4%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.2%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.0%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+138%), on Jun 25, we would expect to have seen 2,536 new cases since today (181 per day, an increase of 105 per day compared to the current period).
Who cares at this point. Let it run its course. Should we stay inside all summer?
Was just coming here to say we are at an all time high with inpatient covid cases at one of the local hospitals.
Wear masks in public. Avoid large gatherings if you can.   Simple things to keep the fungus spot and transmission of the virus smaller.  But I agree, it's tough to watch the inexorable march upward in the numbers.  No one is suggesting that we go back to stay-at-home, but if the trends continue as they are, wouldn't be surprised  if we end up there.
NC is at 6.9% positive today compared with 7.7% on May 11  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/north-carolina-coronavirus-cases-maps-graphs-live-updates/19010016/  -unless I'm reading this wrong, which I have done quite a bit
Honest question, I don't mean to be inflammatory or anything. I just want to understand. Are you prepared to die from this virus? Like, is that an outcome that you are okay with?
Don’t argue with new reddit accounts, folks.
Ballpark, how many COVID cases is that and ballpark, what % of the hospital's "COVID capacity" does that represent?  I'm trying to get a handle on how the current # of cases corresponds to the current strain on the hospital. In theory, that ratio of cases to strain should be consistent and would help to put the current trends in perspective.
> but if the trends continue as they are  Wasn't this always expected though, with the reopenings? The lockdowns gave our hospitals time to prepare for the surges, and they (our local area hosptials) say they are prepared. I thought the idea was to slow down and delay the rise in infections not stop increases altogether
Dude, you're always all over these numbers! Not sure I've seen you make a mistake.
Why those particular dates? Because they are a month apart?
I think the real calculation many people are making (not everyone, this is not everyone's situation) is "am I in the .2-.8% (?) who will die? Nah, probably not. Am I prepared to inconvenience myself for another year for the sake of those who will be the victims? Nah, probably not."  I'm not saying I'm against conscientious reopening of certain things, but the idea of "who cares" when we're literally at the worst point of it locally so far is bananas level selfish.  It's also a completely disingenuous question because actually being outside - while appropriately distanced - is one of the safest things you can do for this whole thing.  Edit - stats.
That dude *is* an inflammatory troll but your framing of the question is unnecessarily fear-mongery. "Are you prepared to die from this virus?" Do you ask yourself that same question when you get in your car and go on a road trip? Because for most people that's the kind of risk profile getting COVID carries. If you're under 50 and are symptomatic, [you have a 99.95% chance of surviving](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html). It's 99.8% if you're between 50 and 64.   People can disagree with me, but if you're asking me if I'd be willing to shut down my life for the next however many months and suffer unemployment and depression, all to avoid a 0.05% risk of dying, my answer would be an emphatic no. That's literally [four times lower than the probability of me dying in the next year as it is](https://www.ssa.gov/oact/STATS/table4c6.html), given my age.
I am more worried about getting killed by someone who is texting and driving then covid. No one makes it out of this world alive.  Heck I have a good life insurance policy, wife will be happy.
Not new been on for years. Idiot moderators boot me cause I have an unpopular opinion. I guess freedom of speech doesn’t exist on the internet. Meanwhile you got people cursing up a storm, inciting violence, and subs with naked men and women with zucchini up their asses.
So I just receive emails daily on the number of inpatient people we have due to covid ( ICU ) and the number we have ( I cannot share) is the highest it’s ever been. With that said, we have not yet reached 50% capacity so I am assuming we are not strained too much yet. With that said, we have new ICU cases daily. So we will see in a week or two how it trends.
They may be prepared at this point. If the rate of increase continues unabated, they will be overwhelmed.   We have not slowed or delayed the rise in infections at all. If we were seeing no increase in the rate of new cases, the percentage in the line graph would be 0%. It is over 100%.
Yea - that was the goal.  I don't think there will be any sort of (more) restrictive measures put in place again unless you see occupancies get close to the threshold throughout the region. Hospitals are prepared, but within reason. Where the growth rate starts looking dangerous from that standpoint I don't know. That's one situation where the death rate spikes though - when resources required for competent care can't keep up with the demand.  Further than this, the later models I'd seen (was awhile since I checked in on that) actually had pushed the predicted regional peak to around...now. Let's hope that's what it is.
6.8 on June 4th. However WRAL gives various disclaimers on their percent positive methodology. NC has also vastly increased its testing from a month ago. So we're either going down or staying flat with percent positive tests. So a mixed bag its looks like
> "am I in the 1-3% who will die?   [You're off by an order of magnitude.](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html)
That's valid. I am 22 and healthy, so I'm not very scared of dying from the virus, but I am scared of being one of the people who [experience long-lasting or permanent damage](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/10/world/europe/coronavirus-italy-recovery.html) from the course of the virus.   I do actually factor in risks of long road trips before I make them; I (usually) prefer flying because I was in more than a few bad accidents when I was a child and I don't like the risk that car rides present. I factor in the long term health consequences of my diet when I eat things. I always get 8 hours of sleep, I exercise daily, I don't smoke or do drugs, and I don't really drink, because I value having a long and healthy life and I know that doing these things have a marked impact on that. I don't think the short-term rewards of resuming life as normal before we have robust contact tracing (and testing, but I do believe we're doing really well there) in place are worth the risk of suffering permanent damage to my body.   It probably would have been better to frame it like that instead of dying, I do agree with that, so I apologize if I came across as fear-mongery. I think there are ways that we could open up (specifically outdoor activities, as those look to be safest right now) intelligently, but that *only works* if we have a solid contact tracing system to prevent new infections. We certainly should not be opening up the inside of restaurants, gyms, or bars as the situation stands, in my opinion.
There's your first mistake: never be worth more dead than alive.
Thanks for that. Even knowing that it's hovering around 50% is helpful to contextualize the numbers. I know it's not a one to one relationship, but knowing that 1,066 cases in 14 days at the county-level is connected to one hospital being below %50 capacity is helpful context.
> If the rate of increase continues unabated, they will be overwhelmed.  This is from March 2nd:  https://www.northcarolinahealthnews.org/2020/03/02/nc-hospitals-prepare-for-coronavirus/  >But North Carolina’s largest facilities may not have enough beds to deal with a surge of patients, said David Weber, an infectious disease physician who now leads infectious disease response at UNC and for the state.  >“Our hospital runs at virtually 100 percent occupancy at any given day,” he said. “We have patients sitting in the ED waiting to come in and waiting on patient discharges. We have people who would like to transfer patients to us from smaller hospitals that need the level of care a large academic center can provide and we tell them they have to wait [a] period of time because we don’t have empty beds.”  -This is from June 5th:  https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article243299221.html  >Cohen notes that North Carolina hospitals still have plenty of capacity to treat coronavirus and other patients, even with the resumption of non-urgent procedures. As of Friday, there were about 3,700 hospital beds and 521 intensive care unit beds available in the state, according to DHHS.  -June 9th  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/as-covid-hospitalizations-hit-new-high-nc-hospitals-ready-to-pivot-away-from-less-urgent-care/19137841/  >But at this point in time, with only 84 percent of hospitals reporting, experts said we’re still in good shape should we see a spike.  >“We are really far away from seeing these hospitals getting to at capacity levels in terms of beds, icu beds or ventilators," Dukes said.  -You're asserting that we'll (the hospitals) will be overwhelmed, but the messaging from the media and the hospitals themselves, indicates they are ready (now). Contrast with before our lockdowns three months ago.  I guess we'll see what happens
Taking an average of the past two weeks, positive rate has gone up from 6.4% to 7.2%. Sec Cohen even referenced how high it has gotten a few days ago.   The NC positive rate is definitely not going down, nor is it flat. The positive rate is increasing.
Sorry - I thought "If I get it" was clearly implied but my bad.
This is a pretty reasonable take, and I respect that. I just get really frustrated hearing from perfectly healthy people that they're risking their lives going back to work when they won't give a second thought to driving 3 hours to Asheville or drinking every night or eating a shit diet. Seems like you get that.  That said, I would encourage you to look closer at the percentage of people who actually do suffer from long-lasting damage from the virus. The CDC currently estimates that less than 2% of people under 50 are hospitalized and given how much the fatality rate scales linearly by age, the hospitalization rate likely follows a similar trend and is much lower for someone of your age and health. It's also even lower when you factor in asymptomatic patients, which are not included in that number. So just based on that, we're talking probably <1% chance of being hospitalized, which is no guarantee of long-term complications either.  That's my calculus at least. And ultimately, any time you get pneumonia, you risk long-term lung damage, whether it's from COVID or the flu.
Just today it spiked again, even more. Seems to be trending up rapidly.
If we would just effectively manage our nursing homes already, we wouldn't have to worry about hospital capacity. The hospitalization rate for those 65 and older is over four times higher than the under 50 population.
I don't know at what point, in terms of cases, we would hit capacity in terms of ICU beds. But there is a number. Because I don't know what it is, I choose to err on the side of caution.   If that number is high enough that cases could go up 5x in a month (the track we are on) and we would still be below capacity, then we are good for a month. Then what?  Given that only 25% of beds are free across the state (per the article), I doubt we can go months with a 138% rate of increase and not hit the limit.   Can't look at what things look like today when choosing behaviors. Need to look at where things will be in 2, 4, 6 weeks.
Right. [*If you get it* the CDC's "Current Best Estimate" fatality rate is 0.4%](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html#table-1)
> If we would just effectively manage our nursing homes already  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/under-pressure-over-nursing-home-outbreaks-nc-plans-coronavirus-tests-in-every-one/19139398/  Yeah there's a lot of room for improvement there. Testing all the nursing homes (public and private) should have been done as soon as we had the ability
How confident are you that this data will remain constant? I keep hearing epidemiologists and physicians claim that they best they can tell still with current, rapidly changing data is that it still seems to fluctuate between 1-3% depending various factors. I ain't trolling btw, this is one of those things you'd love to be wrong about.
I seriously cannot believe it took until mid-June for them to finally do this. Nearly 1 in 10 long-term care residents in NJ died from COVID, and we've known that for a while. Should have been part of the response from March like it was in Florida.
I believe you, that's why I'm sharing this data as much as possible. Sorry if I came across as inflammatory.   The initial estimates back in March were 1-3% but now with seroprevalence studies, that number keeps coming down. Unfortunately it rarely gets reported. Here are a handful of other studies that back up that 0.2-0.8% range:  >Taking account of historical experience, trends in the data, increased number of infections in the population at largest, and potential impact of misclassification of deaths gives a presumed estimate for the COVID-19 IFR somewhere between 0.1% and 0.41%.[*](https://www.cebm.net/covid-19/global-covid-19-case-fatality-rates/)  >Infection fatality rates ranged from 0.02% to 0.86% (median 0.26%) and corrected values ranged from 0.02% to 0.78% (median 0.25%). Among people <70 years old, infection fatality rates ranged from 0.00% to 0.26% with median of 0.05% (corrected, 0.00-0.23% with median of 0.04%). [*](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.13.20101253v2)  There's also [this](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zC3kW1sMu0sjnT_vP1sh4zL0tF6fIHbA6fcG5RQdqSc/htmlview) spreadsheet of seroprevalence studies and inferred IFRs, although I haven't reviewed all of these.
> How confident are you that this data will remain constant?  IIRC, IFR has gone down in the past (after a certain period of time) for the other SARS viruses
Interesting. Thanks for all of this.
This would be [in line with what some doctors are reporting](https://www.pennlive.com/news/2020/06/upmc-doctor-says-covid-19-has-become-less-prevalent-and-less-severe.html) as far as severity. Lower viral loads, lesser symptoms, better outcomes. Lot of potential factors at play but some speculation that the virus is mutating to become less fatal, which is what viruses tend to do.

CVS on MLK closed due to Covid-19
I don't know any details but a friend just tried to pick up a prescription at CVS on MLK (near the big Harris Teeter) and the pharmacy was closed because of the virus. If you normally use that CVS you might want to transfer your meds to a different location...
Wow, fortunately, I don't often need to get anything from the pharmacy, but that is the closest one to my house.  Then again, the HT there has a pharmacy too.  Is it the whole store, or just the pharmacy?
I think it was just the pharmacy since I saw cars in the parking lot up there later but I always use the HT pharmacy. (I like the percentage of people wearing masks in that HT too haha)
Interesting. Not questioning you, just thinking out loud. I wonder how any part of the store could be open? Seems like it would be hard to segment that off.
Good point and I'm not entirely sure if the entire store was closed or not...planning to follow up since I'm curious about that myself.
UPDATE: Entire store *was* closed, which definitely makes more sense. I've actually read about a handful of pharmacies that had to close due to Covid-19 (r/talesfromthepharmacy is a fun sub) and I guess they do have to decontaminate the entire store. Sorry I'm a little braindead lately, I'm glad you asked to clarify this since I was sort of a dumbass to assume the store was still open just based on seeing "a few cars"  in the parking lot lol.
Thanks for the update.  Honestly, if you had said the rest of the store was in fact still open, I'm not sure how I would have responded. Not much about this year has made much sense anyway.
No doubt. I'm dealing with some health issues too (not Covid-19 thank god) so between the brain blur from that and how fucking nuts the rest of the world is it's total bizarro world for me all the time.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 11 (+109%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 71 new cases. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 74 new cases per day.  We also, unfortunately, recorded 2 deaths from COVID-19 in Durham County yesterday.   For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.6%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.2%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.0%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+109%), on Jun 26, we would expect to have seen 2,184 new cases since today (156 per day, an increase of 81 per day compared to the current period).
Thank you so much for your effort. It is still mind-boggling to me that anyone thinks we flatten the curve or that covid 19 is over.
Thank you so much for this. It’s so important to promote decision making based on data and science.
This really is so helpful and kind. I wish everyone was more aware.
Curious the data hub requires login credentials, I assume that isn't open to the public.  Does it contain ICU bed counts, hospitalizations due to COVID, etc, thats the kind of data I'm most concerned about as I saw overall state that had 13% of ICU beds left in NC, but thats not really useful as I am not going to go to a hospital in Asheville if I get sick.
Peanuts.
thank you for your work to make this every day.
The "weekly reflections" pdf for last week is pretty concerning. The percent of positive tests appears to have increased significantly from the previous week. They mention they don't have all of the data, but seeing it jump from 9% to 13 or even 17% positive tests is alarming. I wish we had that missing data to get a better idea of how close those numbers are to actual.
Yep, I hope these graphics remind everyone that we are just getting started and that they should follow the social distancing guidelines whenever possible. Every time you social distance it reduces the likelihood that we have a hospital crisis in Durham Co.
[This hub?](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/)       I didn't have any trouble accessing it. Even on my phone.
Harlan Pepper, is that you?
No problem. I am glad that folks are finding it useful.  Hopefully it helps contextualize this all a bit.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 12 (+84%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 91 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 74 new cases per day. This is the first day in a while where the growth rate has dipped under 100%. A few more days where the number of new cases matches the same total from two weeks ago, and we might start making some progress toward 0%, which would mean the curve has flattened. Long way to go though.   For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 6.6%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.3%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.0%. 7.3% is the highest positive rate we have seen at the state-wide level.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+84%), on Jun 27, we would expect to have seen 1,922 new cases since today (137 per day, an increase of 62 per day compared to the current period).

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 13 (+103%)

Please be judicious in using the downvote. Shutting down debate when someone says that we should let the virus run its course is not helpful. If a post is clearly just trying to troll, by all means, downvote it. Lockdowns and stay-at-home have economic tradeoffs. Wearing a mask is a helpful and non-intrusive way to go about life with some semblance of normalcy while still mitigating the risk of spread. Everyone has a spectrum of actions they are willing to take and this data should be a way to ground debate in facts AND help people know which side of their spectrum they should learn towards. Now for the day's stats...  Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 85 new cases and 1 death. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 80 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.0%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.3%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.1%. The positive rate in yesterday's report for NC overall was 9%. Not great.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+103%), on Jun 28, we would expect to have seen 2,296 new cases since today (164 per day, an increase of 83 per day compared to the current period).
Hey, I think some of the graph is being covered by the 100%
I think you are right. Will be fixed for tomorrow's post.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 14 (+71%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 49 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 77 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.3%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.4%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.2%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+71%), on Jun 29, we would expect to have seen 1,857 new cases since today (132 per day, an increase of 55 per day compared to the current period).
So what’s the Durham co positive rate? That’s a rather important metric to just leave out.
Are you seeing anything (outbreaks) tied to the recent (Floyd) protests here or the rest of NC? It's been over two weeks
The number of tests done in Durham Co is not published anywhere. So I cannot calculate a specific positive rate for the county.  It would be the most important metric, I agree, but unfortunately it's not available.
I honestly have no idea what drives the numbers other than what we know about testing levels from the state as a whole.  Frankly, I think it's a fools errand to try and account for specific events unless we have some sort of data on who attended and what their positive test rate was. And even then, it's tricky to make any sort of causal links.  In short, I have no idea.
I don't know the answer to this but fwiw when my son came over to visit me tonight he wore a mask the entire time because he'd been to a few protests since last seeing me. He did tell me that pretty much 99% of the protesters he saw in CH and Durham were wearing masks and social distancing so that's good to know.
I think its fair to say, given what we know, the chances of *outdoor* spread of the virus is very very low. If we're not seeing spikes directly attributable to the (large) outdoor protests, it's time we start adjusting more of our policies. Opening more of the parks, playgrounds, and having more seating outside. Maybe close off some streets for pedestrian only zones (like Rigsbee in front of Fullsteam for instance)
I think this is probably right, but with some practical caveats. The consensus does seem to be that risk of spread is lower outdoors.  If you had people in outdoor spaces wearing masks and observing social distancing, I doubt the overall trajectory would be greatly affected and the gains from a psychological perspective would almost certainly outweigh the extra risk.  Of course, the optics aren't great for more opening when the positive rate keeps ticking up and our new case counts keeps accelerating upwards. I could see there being reticence on the part of the authorities to actually go through with it. And I can see why they might not want to send an overly optimistic signal by opening things up like you are suggesting.  I'm glad I don't have to make these decisions.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 15 (+82%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 99 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 84 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.1%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.6%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.2%. Obviously, the state-wide positive rate ticking up to 7.6% is the most concerning metric in this report.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+82%), on Jun 30, we would expect to have seen 2,160 new cases since today (154 per day, an increase of 69 per day compared to the current period).
There is a new weekly data report:  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/28d63775a4fd44d3991fd517b3925438  The data in the report is a little stale since it only goes up to June 8, but it has some stuff that is not in the live charts on the data hub.  It looks like some trends are continuing:  "Hispanic or Latinx individuals are over-represented in COVID-19 cases: 73% of all cases so far in June are among Hispanic or Latinx individuals, while only 14% of Durham County residents identify as Hispanic or Latinx"  "In June so far, the greatest number of cases (with known employment information) occurred among people working construction, people living and working in nursing care facilities, and people who are unemployed"   Regarding the positive test rate, the report says:  "We are tracking two surveillance efforts.  Surveillance Effort 1 • The first effort reflects prevalence of positive tests in an insured population within Durham County • This positive test prevalence in this population is 15%, which is increased from 13% last week.  Surveillance Effort 2 • The second effort is community-based • This positive test prevalence in this population is 17%, which is the same as last week"
are the death numbers going up in the same volume that the positive cases? This is an honest question
Thanks for the update. Most people just tune it out though since its all day every day.
Estimated percent positive tests between 15-17%. We really suck, Durham. Get it together. Don't go anywhere unless you have to. Wear a mask if you do go anywhere.
If anyone is wondering what effect protests might have on things, here's what's going on in Minnesota now:  https://www.reddit.com/r/minnesota/comments/h9j6pj/covid19_update_up_222_230_by_mdh_active_2780/  -Case counts and hospitalizations going down, and its been three weeks since the protests  -Granted it's a different state. So whatever is happening in NC, it's not due to the various protests
Tied today for all time hospitalization highs in the state. Keep eating out!
The estimated percent positive test results is really alarming. I'm going back to work this week (retail). I am not excited about this.
[At the state level](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases), no. New daily cases have been consistently increasing since March, while daily deaths hit about 15 to 25 in mid-April and haven't really moved much from there. If anything, daily deaths might be going down but the last week of data is still preliminary.
I haven't done any real analysis around deaths because there have been so few in Durham.   But 2 things to consider. First, deaths are going to lag new cases by a period of weeks if not a month. So we won't know if deaths spike from the current rise in new cases for a long time.  Second, the number of deaths is also a function of hospital utilization. If we get to the point where hospitals are getting stretched as far as the number of ICU beds, the death rate could go up. The only key, as far as I'm concerned, is keeping the hospital utilization rate from going up too much.   So all of this is to say that while deaths are certainly tragic, they have limited utility in helping us understand whether to dial up the caution or not.
Yeah. There is a real risk in forgetting about it. I wish something like the 82% figure was really trumpeted by the Durham health department so we could collectively celebrate it going down.
> Keep eating out!  ["Hispanic or Latinx individuals are over-represented in COVID-19 cases: 73% of all cases so far in June are among Hispanic or Latinx individuals, while only 14% of Durham County residents identify as Hispanic or Latinx"](https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/ha3uca/durham_co_covid19_case_count_update_for_jun_15_82/fv0gf14/)  There's something more going on here than folks going out to eat. Just like how the state didn't do enough to protect people in nursing homes, prisons and meat packing plants; we're not doing enough to protect people who are overrepresented in Covid cases
If you look at the last week though, across the state, the hospitalizations have been almost flat, new highs yes, but by a few people, not exponential growth, but a very mild uptick.  I'd call that a win given what we are dealing with.
Said another way...  If you are going to eat out, try to avoid sitting inside. Wearing a mask while the server is at your table is much better than not wearing one.  Yes, the outbreak is still accelerating in Durham Co. so the more precautions people can take, the better.
I'm pretty sure models predict peak hospitalization in Early July, but I heard that from CMO about a month ago.  So, this is expected, model accounted for reduced social distancing.
> "Hispanic or Latinx individuals are over-represented in COVID-19 cases: 73% of all cases so far in June are among Hispanic or Latinx individuals, while only 14% of Durham County residents identify as Hispanic or Latinx"  > I'm going back to work this week (retail).  Hispanic folks in Durham do not (vastly) disproportionately make up either the retail workforce or retail customers, last time I checked. Construction and other sites are a different story, though. We really need to focus on the areas where these (Hispanic) populations (who are making up the bulk of new Covid cases) are affected.
Nothing wrong with finding the bright spots.   But I will say that hospitalizations are going to lag cases by several days at minimum. The risk we are going to run is that as cases continue to accelerate, hospitalizations are likely going to follow as a percent of the number of cases.  And the hard-cap on all of this is ICU beds; when they start to get filled up, then we have real problems.  So yes, hospitalizations are not increasing all that much, but hospitalizations follow new cases, which are still accelerating. I wouldn't want people to declare victory because hospitalizations have been increasing slowly if it means they let down their guard prematurely.

Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?


Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 16 (+73%)

I worry about how this sparkline will be interpreted by people who don't take the time to understand that it's a discrete differential value with a sliding window. A layperson could easily misinterpret this at a glance to believe that cases are going down, for one because the sparkline is trending downward, and secondly because there's a line at 100% (for some reason that is unclear to me), and the trend line is below it currently.
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 83 new cases and 1 death. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 81 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.5%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.2%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+73%), on Jul 1, we would expect to have seen 1,964 new cases since today (140 per day, an increase of 59 per day compared to the current period).
For anyone who missed this comment on the [similar post yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/ha3uca/durham_co_covid19_case_count_update_for_jun_15_82/fv0gf14/)  >"Hispanic or Latinx individuals are over-represented in COVID-19 cases: 73% of all cases so far in June are among Hispanic or Latinx individuals, while only 14% of Durham County residents identify as Hispanic or Latinx"  If you're quick to blame (outdoor) protests, Phase 2 reopenings (hair salons, tattoo shops) for the rise in cases in Durham, that doesn't make sense given the data we have. Hispanic folks don't make up anywhere near the majority of customers/workers in the hair salons, tattoo shops, retail stores and other places that reopened recently in Durham.   They certainly didn't make up most of the outdoor protesters in recent weeks. Not to mention we haven't had any outbreaks tied to those protests anyways, here in NC or elsewhere.   >"In June so far, the greatest number of cases (with known employment information) occurred among people working construction, people living and working in nursing care facilities, and people who are unemployed"  Looks like we need a more focused approach to these cases and better outreach to the affected communities, instead of blanket lockdowns.
Walked down 9th street a few times today, like 15% of people are wearing masks. Well shits y'all.
Many people have come complacent with all the news on covid. All the data looks the same to me so I don't care much about reading it.
“They are testing all the nursing homes and prisons and jerking the data around”...  ...I can’t even. I am so frustrated by people who refuse to believe anything the State says or anything science proves.
I really like way you present the information here, in that you're doing a rate of growth of new cases although I do agree that at face value you could easily misinterpret it.    Do your reporting sources provide for you to look at ICU bed, ventilator usage, etc?  I think most of us are becoming numb to what the number of cases represent, but what's more interesting would be how those cases progress and how were treating them (representing by ICU bed, ventilator usage, etc).  Also, does the data provide for a normalization to testing? Meaning the spikes around memorial day or true spikes, or more detected cases?  You may not be the right person to ask, but something I'm genuinely curious about.  And please forgive me if you covered it in your other posts.
Your point about the 100% line is fair. I've removed it for future graphics. I think my original thought was: "hey, let's at least work to get below 100%." But in reality, 105% vs 95% growth in cases is still really bad either way. So I'll just have the 0% (net cases equal the previous period) going forward.
The rate at which things are getting worse is getting better. :)
I was social distance hiking by Falls Lake this weekend and saw a HUGE gathering of probably 100 hispanic people (multigenerational) bbq'ing, swimming and partying.   Just shook my head in disbelief. I am not surprised by the numbers.
Has someone been proposing a new stay-at-home? What do you mean by "blanket lockdowns?"
Nothing wrong with being tired of COVID news. (I certainly am!)   As long as people continue to understand that the virus is spreading and accelerating, it's fine to tune it out. Just keep wearing those masks, sitting outside at restaurants when possible, and try to stay 6 feet from other people as much as possible!
He’s right ya know
I am mostly focused on Durham Co and, so no, there are no published sources on any of those metrics for Durham Co.  I am not able to normalize for testing levels because there is no reliable count of tests done in Durham Co because the reporting processes apparently do not maintain the level of detail required for the state to calculate this (unfortunately). Here are the links to the Durham dashboard and the state-wide dashboard.   [https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/)    [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)   That is why I am reporting the state-level positive rate, which provides some counter-balance to the fact that we don't have Durham test counts. Cases can go up for 2 reasons: increased spread and increased testing.  If the increase is due to testing, then you should expect to see the positive rate coming down over time.  Conversely, if the virus is being spread more, you would expect to see the positive rate stay steady or perhaps rise.  Because the positive rate for NC overall has been steadily increasing, it's probably safe to assume increased spread is part of the reason for the increase in cases.
Thanks. I guess my overall thought is that this simply might not be the best descriptive statistic to try and sum up the state of COVID in Durham. A simple time series of cases per day would likely be more intuitive, because people can see differentials in trend lines very easily and are used to it.  An interesting visualization I was hoping someone would create is to plot a time series of new cases vs. hospitalizations (the latter data is available from NCDHHS) to help us try and normalize for variance in testing capability, and also maybe to get a sense of whether the disease is becoming less dangerous for whatever reason, as some have speculated.
This is interesting anecdotal evidence that perhaps outdoor areas are only less risky in certain situations. (I assume you are referring to outdoor construction sites.)
Unfortunately I've seen similar instances out hiking as well at other spots. I actually know that some case tracing clusters revealed large parties and family gatherings as the source of spread.  Combine that with housing issues / closer living quarters in minority populations.  It's not just construction sites.
> What do you mean by "blanket lockdowns?"  That's in response to people thinking Cooper will do another round of stay at home orders, like what was done in March, in response to the rising cases/hospitalizations. Our mayor delayed the phase 2 reopenings here due to the rising cases in the Hispanic community, but that week+ delay didn't appear to do anything.  Edit:   Referring to this:  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/durham-extending-strict-city-county-stay-at-home-order/19094892/  >Durham County Public Health Director Rod Jenkins said he has noticed a "strong uptick" in the number of coronavirus infections in the Latino community, which he said is concerning.  https://abc11.com/durham-nc-coronavirus-covid-19/6201632/  >Durham personal care businesses such as beauty salons and barber shops, restaurants, and swimming pools will not be allowed to reopen until at least June 1, even though Gov. Roy Cooper announced that those businesses can open in other parts of the state starting Friday at 5 p.m.  -The delay in phase 2 did nothing to stop the uptick in rising cases within the Latino community
I kind of assume that was the case, as I followed your links and tried to find out for myself.   I would contend that currently the social norm is that you only get tested if you feel you have had it or had it, so it's more of a confirmation test; until random testing is implemented that is.  Although it's probably both situations contributing to it.  Thanks for the representation of it!
The time series of cases per day is available from the Durham Public Health Dept here.   [https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/)
It's essentially an *acceleration* graph, which I agree is not the most immediately intuitive metric  The simplest way to account for testing rate would be what percent of tests are positive (which the state health dept does publish in their weekly bulletin), but I think it's also useful to see an absolute number of cases (incl. hospitalizations and deaths) to make the point of just how big this is.   Plenty of people think this is only a problem for NYC and other big cities, so that kind of growth curve keeps the scale in perspective, even acknowledging that it's a function of the number of tests
>outdoor construction sites.  IIRC, it's the poorly ventilated interior (indoor) construction sections that are mostly having issues, like with HVAC install, drywall, etc.  Contrast with road construction or landscaping
I'm not sure exactly what you're getting at here, but I'll add this: the original stay-at-home order had an exception for construction ("essential business").  It wouldn't seem to make sense to repeat that stay-at-home order when the current cluster appears to be burning its way through construction workers and their families.  What we ought to do is something like this: get a tiny chunk of the trillions of federal relief dollars and pay construction workers here to take 2-3 weeks off and isolate, get everybody free and convenient testing, setup a free and voluntary quarantine hotel for anybody who tests positive, and send free food to affected families isolating at home.  Instead, I would guess that there is currently some poor soul at the county health department desperately calling people and encouraging them to wash their hands.
Maybe there's probably a lot to be said for existing living conditions as predictors of spread. Given that the majority of cases (deaths?) so far in Durham come from correctional facilities or nursing homes, I would wager that the increase in those communities is due to closer living conditions?
The people getting sick aren't necessarily the only ones transmitting the virus.
Are the weekly bulletin include the positive test rate by county? Since my analysis is for Durham Co, I would need the number of tests done in the county. Are you saying that data is available? If so, can you share a link?
I asked that question last week, and the reply was exactly as you say. FWIW, though, I did not see the evidence. I'm inclined to believe it intuitively but thought I'd be honest.
Yeah, the local health departments are definitely trying to figure out how to do this. Unfortunately, a lot of the material they receive from the state is only in English, so they have to rush to create messaging for other languages and account for the cultural differences, too.   Hell, they're even struggling to figure out effective messaging in English. It took years of public health campaigns to normalize seatbelt use a few decades ago. Now they need to do it much faster for masks/hand washing/social distancing to convince people to build those habits since we basically just have to wait 2+ years until most of us are vaccinated
> The people getting sick aren't necessarily the only ones transmitting the virus  [Asymptotic spread is pretty rare though](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/gzp6qk/the_who_walked_back_an_earlier_assertion_that/ftjfw02/)  >Over 95% of cases had mild or more severe symptoms. Less than 5% were asymptomatic. This is why the WHO is simply stating facts by saying asymptomatics are rare. They truly are.
I'm not sure if counties are reporting their positive test rates. From what I understand the counties themselves don't actually have the ability to drill down into the data to get the real number. They get some approximation, but they're missing some of the data that the state does have access to.  One problem is how the data is reported - a lot of it goes to the state who then distributes it to counties. There are also some weird rules around how exactly it's reported. It gets a bit screwy on where / if a test is included in the final count depending on which lab did the testing or if a person was tested multiple times (by the same lab or by different labs), and some entities (like CVS) aren't required to report anything about the testing they do, at all.
This became a big problem on the internet after the WHO misspoke this info, and the WHO corrected themselves afterward. Asymptomatic is different from presymptomatic, and anyone roving around like normal could be presymptomatic. Nonethess, even the asymptomatic rates of transmission [aren't known](https://www.statnews.com/2020/06/09/who-comments-asymptomatic-spread-covid-19/).   So kind of a good idea to wear the gd mask, Durham, given the whole death thing.

Donate blood at TBC July 1-7 to receive FREE COVID-19 antibody testing, $20 VISA card, & TBC t-shirt. You MUST PM me with your appointment details so that can register you for this promotion. (I am an TBC employee)

There's not a single mobile or center to donate coming up in Durham for these dates.  Is there something wrong with the app or are they all full?  Closest ones are in Raleigh.
Hi I just did a whole blood donation last week. I can do platelets / plasma, but can't do blood until August. Can I still qualify?
Have you done anything about the wait times.  I signed up for an invent awhile ago and when I arrived at my assigned time, they told me it would be a 3 hours wait, add in time to get there, time to give blood, that is 4+ hour commitment
FYI your site is really badly configured for mobile. This was on a 10” ipad [site](https://imgur.com/a/TRxarlm)
Has TBC started enforcing masks when doing donation events in cities and counties where they are required? It can be tight moving around on those buses and masks were not enforced at the last event I attend in Durham, which was less than 2 months ago.
How do we get an appointment?
Raleigh isn't too far... I made my appointment
I just added a drive to the Walmart in Durham this morning. It will be in a mobile unit July 6th (3:30-7:30PM) I will send you the link as soon as they post it to the website.   There will also be others added this week.
My goodness. Usually there is little to no wait time unless the event was for a police department or a High school student’s scholarship. If you have any issues at all message me and I’ll address this issue directly by going out to that site.
I agree. We are a nonprofit so we don’t have the extra funds to spend on the latest and greatest tech. I feel like it would be a great investment though.
Yes, We do require masks to be worn. By law we cannot require it in Raleigh but in required cities we do. Our employees will be wearing a mask regardless of the city and laws.
Find a convenient location, register, set your appointment & then PM me with your details. [TBC Donate Now](https://donate.thebloodconnection.org/m/donor/schedules/geo)
Thank you!!
Did this ever show up? I went to look for it but did not see it.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 17 (+69%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 62 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 85 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.4%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.5%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.2%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+69%), on Jul 2, we would expect to have seen 2,021 new cases since today (144 per day, an increase of 58 per day compared to the current period).
Nice
>[The rate at which things are getting worse is getting better. :)](https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/haqxyk/durham_co_covid19_case_count_update_for_jun_16_73/fv6p64i/)
These are super helpful. Thanks for continuing to post!
I would like the full chart zoomed out if possible please. Like to include February on
The downward trend in the chart is doing its best to try and make me optimistic more and more each day. Hopefully it doesn't stall out too soon! I'll feel better if we see the state-wide positive rate tick down though.  Keep wearing those masks, eating outside, and trying to stay 6 feet apart everyone!
No problem. Glad it's useful. Hope we can keep this slowing trend going!
I can extend the date backward for future graphics, but the earliest I can show is Apr 6 because Durham didn't report anything prior to Mar 9 and the line chart needs a full month of data to calculate the growth rate.
That would be awesome to post at least the one you've been posting and maybe throw that in the comments. It helps with visualization being able to see the whole picture

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 18 (+39%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 61 new cases and 3 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 76 new cases per day. 3 dead is the highest single day death total we have seen to date in Durham Co.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.3%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.1%. Encouraging to see the positive rate tick down.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+39%), on Jul 3, we would expect to have seen 1,498 new cases since today (107 per day, an increase of 30 per day compared to the current period).
We're still not seeing clusters/outbreaks related to the (outdoor) protests three weeks ago. So keep that in mind before you decide to accost a group of people sitting around outside in a park or a table somewhere
What percentage of the cases/deaths are in nursing homes , jails, and prisons?
If you notice number of cases going up because of more testing and little to no additional deaths. Wake has bee at 42 deaths for a while. Nothing to get overly worked up about, the virus will play its self out. We can’t hide forever.
I’ve been following your posts. It seems that the rate of increase (acceleration) is going down. Am I tracking this correctly? So as long as the that number is positive, the numbers are still getting worse, right?  Edit: acceleration is actually the term I was looking for. Thanks!
Yeah, agree with this. In general, avoid accosting people.
Are you saying the outbreaks haven’t happened yet, or that they aren’t happening as expected? I’m genuinely curious, since it would be amazing if there was no major spike due to protests.
I don't know off the top of my head, but the county's datahub site has a lot of the underlying demographic information.   [https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/)
https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/28d63775a4fd44d3991fd517b3925438  "Weekly Data Reflections"  IIRC, It's basically construction jobs (which take place indoors and outdoors) that are driving up these numbers. People blaming this and that for rising cases, should take a look here, it's eye opening
It will definitely play itself out, it's just a question of how many hundreds of thousands it will kill in the process. We're already near 120,000 and only 5-ish% of the country has gotten it. There's plenty of room for growth
https://www.wunc.org/term/tested-podcast "Deciding The Next Step"  >"Latinos are 10% of the population, but 44% of the cases and **7%** of the deaths" (State Wide)  -Deaths aren't going up as much because it's mostly younger people (like Latinos) that are getting more cases
That's right. The acceleration of new cases is going down, but the change in net new cases is still positive which means the overall case load is still growing.
I think it's good that Durham seems to be taking mask wearing and social distancing more seriously than Raleigh is
Acceleration is going down, not velocity. 0% would mean constant velocity, because it's not comparing total number of cases, it's comparing total number of *new* cases which has the units of "cases per *time*" (time in the denominator = velocity)
I am going to guess that the protests are not hugely impactful, because some were wearing masks, there was some distancing i guess, and because the crowd was moving a lot (the key elements are distance and time, the more you linger around a person and breath into their face, the more likely you will get them sick or you get sick).
Cases/hospitalizations dropping in New York and Minnesota, home to *bigger* outdoor protests than ours:  https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/hahtuu/new_york_reports_lowest_new_case_tally_since/  https://www.reddit.com/r/minnesota/comments/h9j6pj/covid19_update_up_222_230_by_mdh_active_2780/  https://komonews.com/news/local/fewer-than-1-of-seattle-protesters-test-positive-for-coronavirus  https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/h8zlox/early_test_results_show_few_protesters_caught/
For those of us going out right now, I think the single most important thing we can do is to wear a mask, especially where others aren’t wearing masks. We have to lead by example here by putting on a mask around our friends and family in groups. Remember when it’s not polite to cough and not cover your mouth? This is the same thing, but more serious. Just wear a mask ffs.
Another key element: they were outside
Great point. It's starting to feel like we can get back to "pretty close to normal" life if we collectively have good mask discipline.  If we can get the growth rate in new cases to 0% (and keep it there) and the hospitals are still saying they are in good shape, then by definition, whatever habits people are  following should work indefinitely until there is vaccine. If that means everyone wearing masks and trying their best to avoid large crowds, that's a win in my book.

Durham girl dies after fight with coronavirus

This is so devastating. Especially because I keep hearing people say that children aren’t affected by the virus. Poor baby.
>Aurea Soto Morales, a second grader at Creekside Elementary School, died Monday after she was hospitalized at UNC for complications from coronavirus.   >   >She started feeling sick last Thursday, May 28. She was tested for COVID-19. Later, she had a seizure and was rushed to the hospital.   >   >Family members said she experienced swelling in her brain. She eventually went into a coma and passed away.
A very sad but important reminder that this pandemic isn't over by a long shot. Not in the US at least.
The still image for the video is wonderful of her. My condolences
Thanks for sharing this. I still see plenty of people at my local grocery store, Brier Creek Harris Teeter, without mask. You know who you are. Everyone one wearing mask is protecting themselves but also their families back home. So stop being arogent just because Trump pertends to not wear a mask.
Love for her family
Shit. My daughter is a second grader at Creekside. She already has severe anxiety over this pandemic. How do I even approach this???
Oh my god, this poor poor child. My heart breaks for her and her family. What a beautiful little girl she was. Sending you healing thoughts, u/catmercomp0p. So sorry for your loss. ❤️
As much as I hate to downplay COVID: her symptoms/outcome is a common viral reaction. COVID is new and all over the news - but many infants and adolescents die from similar reactions every year. I lost a friend in middle school to a similar meningitis reaction.
That’s the message we wanted to spread, we hate that we had to learn the hard way of the stereotypes of only seniors or people with weak immune system could only catch COVID-19
How?? Are people in her household sick?? Have they all been tested?  Asymptomatic?
This is particularly important to reiterate.  It may be an unpopular opinion, but the virus doesn’t care about justice or about politics.  If it was irresponsible to break social distancing two weeks ago it is wrong now, even if it’s for a cause you really believe in.
This is her sister to tell you that she died from brain damage after she was both diagnosed with COVID-19 and Strep throat. The bacteria entered to her brain causing her to have multiple convulsions. She didn’t receive oxygen to her brain causing irreversible brain damage and basically making her brain dead.
But it is a death caused by COVID nonetheless. Your point comes across as incredibly insensitive, almost inflammatory. Are you in some way saying she didn't die as a result of COVID? If not, I don't understand your point at all. Yes, the actual mechanism of death happens from various viruses, and in this case it's from COVID. Am I missing something?
Article says several other family members have it too
I am so sorry for this and your loss. I hope you and your family are doing okay. I'm a biomedical engineer that works in healthcare, mostly in low income countries: I know my response was blunt - but what you describe is unfortunately common, even without COVID. Take care and stay healthy.
You say you hate to, but this is the second time you did it.
It's almost like it's a nuanced public health issue that requires more discussion than a comment on a unrelated post. And here, below a comment from her sister, does not seem like the appropriate place to have it.
It's almost like you're downplaying a kid's death to their family.
Nope, any death is tragic: just trying to provide some relativity. Again, this seems very inappropriate and I won't continue. Take care.

