The University of British Columbia's COVID-19 Study

  Thanks mods for approval, we really appreciate it!  To the community of Wilmington,  As we continue to face changes as the COVID-19 situation evolves, we need your help to better understand how stress during this time impacts wellbeing and mental health. Please consider sharing your experiences in this research study. The information you provide can help to guide public health initiatives and policy changes that best promote emotional health going forward. For more information, or to participate, visit: [covidstudy.ca](https://blogs.ubc.ca/covidstudy/participate/)

Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?
A research team at Duke University is studying how COVID-19 is impacting families in the American South. We hope to learn about how to best provide social and emotional support for families over the coming months as we all navigate many highs and lows. **The survey takes about 40 minutes and is for parents and caregivers with children ages 3 - 16.** 1 in 100 participants get a $100 gift card. (The "South" includes AL, AR, DE, DC, FL, GA, KY, LA, MD, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN, TX, VA, and WV)[CLICK here to participate](https://bit.ly/2zymmo2)https://preview.redd.it/y7iht9oo4c551.png?width=5000&format=png&auto=webp&s=19669ef25bce0dcc940d692fd21559bd529294db
Is this a student research project?
This is a research project being run by Dr. Eve Puffer's lab at Duke.
But is it a graduate student project? I'm just curious.
Thanks for asking! It’s actually very much a team-based project, with trainees spanning from undergraduate, Masters, PhD, postdoctoral and faculty. We are all invested in the this research together!

Wilmington area sees 220% increase in COVID-19 cases

There was a huge line at Britts donuts Saturday. Packed together. Very few masks.  Idiots
Well let’s take the whole family out to eat and complain about the wait.  Afterwards we may even go shopping and complain about the line.  Then we can pop on over to grandmas house to see if we did enough to infect her. I didn’t get paid enough this year GamGam, time for my inheritance.  Edit: /s because my sarcasm is very offensive for being too generalized and not specific enough  Edit 2: I get this is a serious issue. We should all be precautious and invest in masks. It’s frustrating and annoying to wear but it’s the only way to allow us to continue flourishing instead of locking down again
With the partial opening, and tourist season starting...even if the rest of the state was dropping, this can't be a surprise.   Not saying it's good, or even indifferent news...we probably just should have seen that coming.
Yeah but deaths have been stuck on 5.
Hospitals aren’t overwhelmed.  You’re disingenuous and pompous.  They haven’t been overwhelmed since the beginning of this.  Even in Brazil where Bolsanaro is defiant about this, the hospitals aren’t overwhelmed.  Stop your ignorant virtue signaling.
Ohhh Britts donuts... how I miss it
If people need to shop that badly they should do it online. It really can't be worth it to wait in line just to get into a store to walk around.  Unless it's Blockbuster. Miss that place 🙃
So we're gonna completely ignore the few days where 100+ people were downtown protesting and not socially distancing? Because most had masks? That definitely stopped the disease for suuuure.   You can't bitch about the people going shopping if you're not gonna bitch about the people being just as wreckless standing around downtown.
All the rental companies are almost completely booked up for beach houses and condos and so on. Hotels as well. We had 1 vacant unit last week.   The tourist are still coming. Some of it is because of non refundable deposits they made on the rentals others are just la dee da ing on down from NY and other areas to have a good time.
"Congrats. You're alive. Here's a bill for 200k. Make the check out to NHRMC. Oh BTW, you may need new lungs."
>So we're gonna completely ignore  ... the protests about social isolation, masks, and precautions? Wasn't that protest virtually mask-less?   What about the thousands that are acting like everything's normal now? A small protest with some people not wearing masks is concerning for the virus, but we see much worse every day at *stores.*
Yeah mine was more of a generalization covering everyone.   It reads as sarcasm pretty easily.   You took it seriously. That’s on you.   I’ll add the “/s” since some people take sarcasm directed at gen pop very seriously and start cussing and ranting about patriotic protests. Missing the point about gamgam and inheritance which gives away that it’s a joke pretty quickly
Foolish. You’re just foolish.
To be fair, that’s a fraction of the amount of people we’ve seen at the beaches.
I'd just leave this one alone. People come to this opinion by purposely ignoring information and knowledge. Providing more won't help - hell just ignore it.
Have they been outspoken against closing down?  Can we get a list of companies that have been?
Y’all need to stop judging everybody.   I have no idea what kind of guy he is but I know he makes some damn good donuts!
> the protests about social isolation, masks, and precautions? Wasn't that protest virtually mask-less?  Except for that one guy who wore a mask but didn’t have his kids wearing mask.
This is my favorite point. People are trying to blame patriotic protests for saving American lives from brutality as the issue while forgetting the unpatriotic protests against shutting down to save American lives from a pandemic  In another thread this same troll account is arguing with me about people being too weak and being controlled by words.   Yet they’re in here losing it because of.... words.
Still doesn't change the fact they're a health risk lol
My grandmother is two-time survivor of lung cancer.   I'm not interested in finding out if the third time will be the charm. Wear a fucking mask.
The logic on these people doesn't add up. It's almost pointless arguing with them.
If you really don’t see the difference between hauling the family out for a burger and standing shoulder to shoulder against police militarization, unnecessary brutality, and centuries of explicit and systemic racism, then you are part of more than one problem.  edit: spelling
So is being Black.  #blm  #blmilm
It’s a 100 day old account. I think it’s just someone playing around
The reason why people are out ignoring social distance rules doesn't matter to the virus. I support the rights of protestors and the reason they are protesting, but that doesn't mean that the protests cannot be seen as a reason for the virus spreading.
So now I'm part of the problem bc I'm acknowledging the protests were just as much of a health hazard as going shopping, getting food and going to the beach?  Huh, guess you really do learn something new everyday.
But there's  a few people on this sub, constantly trying to dump on precautions and pushing reopening nonstop, and then suddenly there were a handful of other accounts opened the same week, all agreeing with him, speaking the same way, etc. It's just a loser creating sockpuppet accounts.
Actually, had you read the damn article NONE - ZERO - not one of the new confirmed cases could be traced back to a protest. The same could not be said for people rushing to nail salons, restaurants, shopping, etc.  I’m not arguing that mass gatherings, protests included, couldn’t be potential hot spots of transmission for SARS Covid-19. My point is twofold: one being that nearly every demonstrator is wearing a mask. Try counting masks on beach goers or shoppers. And two, the motivation behind civil disobedience protests and wanting to go to Outback are — yanno... fuckit, I’m done here. Pearls before swine and all that.
Nah man it's your fucking spreading misinformation online that is a problem.
Yeah you can’t educate a troll account. He made this account around the time of the shutdown to be rude to people. He’s rude on his other account too. So it’s weird. Just circle jerking himself

Wilmington among ten sites nationwide chosen for second phase of COVID-19 vaccine trial

I reached out. They’re looking for 55+ right now
I wonder if they’ll let me participate while breastfeeding... Probably not.  Hoping this shows a promising result! We need this!
I would sign up for this in a second.
Absolutely not
Lol why in the hell is this downvoted so much? It's a fair question and fair conclusion followed by hope for good things to happen. Reddit is *wild*.    Edit: when I commented, it was at -4.
This sub is fairly toxic too
I wasn’t even here for the downvotes.  What could I have possibly been downvoted for? Sheesh...
I’m not against vaccines or the trials, but I’d rather not be the one trialing it that’s all.
Unfortunately there are stupid people in every profession.
Wasn’t worried. Just stating an opinion like everyone else.

FREE COVID-19 Testing TODAY 6/17 4PM-7PM

Free COVID-19 Testing Registration Forms Through partnership between Middle District Missionary Baptist Association and Goshen Medical Center, Bethlehem MBC will host a mobile testing site for Goshen Medical Center staff on June 17, 2020 from 4 - 7 PM. Tests are FREE to the community and ALL are welcome. Forms are below and registration is REQUIRED. Provide forms to Goshen Medical Center personnel ONLY on the day of testing.
Well damn.. I go back to work today. Thanks for the advice!

New Hanover sees highest one-day spike in Covid-19 cases, childcare facility cluster

All these fingers being pointed at so many different things.   We all know this is directly due to the negligence and incompetence of our nations leadership  Let’s just agree to start wearing the masks from now on. Like, really? Is it that hard for you? The handful of people who can’t wear one are probably the same ones who shouldn’t be out.   Go buy a mask, wear it, and we can get back to our lives quickly. Stop being a baby about it. Be an adult. Be an American patriot. Wear your mask today
Thanks Trump!
More data has come back from Friday's testing and there's 88 positive cases out of 1108 tests given with 76 results still pending. That's 7.9 percent positive and not the 10 percent positive the article is reporting.  Additionally if we're giving out 1100 or so tests a day and still seeing less than 10 percent, we're in pretty good shape.  8 percent of 1000 is 80 people positive. About one third of those people are asymptomatic so roughly 52 people will have symptoms. And so far nationally, about 3 percent of cases end up in hospitalizations so that is 2 out of those 52 people.  Source  https://health.nhcgov.com/your-environment/public-health/coronavirus/screening-testing/
Guys I thought we had three months for hospitals to prepare for this. Reopening will have a spike in COVID but at least our hospitals won’t get flooded. That’s the whole reason we even had a shutdown remember?
Special thanks to BLM for getting us closer to herd immunity.
So dramatic, lol.
Big thanks to the racist, socialist  organization BLM!
It matters if those two.are your family
Haha thanks for the facts. These people don't like those though. They only care about blaming anything and everything on the right. So if you don't say OrAngE Man BaD then you get down voted.
The shut down was supposed to give enough time to know if you're infected in regards to the incubation period. The people failed.  Remember "Flatten the Curve"? Hospitals can probably handle a sustained 15-20k cases per day. Yesterday we had 37k. If that continues all hospitals are going to get overwhelmed and more people are going to start dying from something preventable.  If everyone just isolated for 2-3 weeks we could have gotten back to normal a lot quicker but how many times did people feel trapped in their house and need to go run chores for no legitimate reason.  People being risky stops businesses from opening sooner. Businesses can't stay closed so they push their representatives to open the state back up which infects more people. Repeat. Other countries were told to stay home and they did. Now they're getting back to normal much quicker. Cases are going to sharply go up in the next couple of days.
This is not from protesters. It is from idiots who aren’t wearing masks or aren’t social distancing when shopping, eating out, going to parties, waitstaff is infected all over the city. Tourist and beach goers are all over the place...
You're on the wrong sub to think these people will think it has anything to do with the protesters. And they definitely don't like facts. Don't mention the hospitals in New York that were specially built just for the covid crisis didn't get used. They expect you to stay inside and wait for a cure. Forget telling them that there is a 99.98% survivability rate. Facts scare them.
Maybe it wouldn’t feel so dramatic to you if you had a child who was infected.
It matters regardless. I just put up stats that are accurate to the data they are reporting on.
But you need to understand that people aren't robots, especially a country founded on rebelling against authority. My understanding of the whole shutdown was to ensure that hospitals do not get overflooded with COVID patients. That they would have prepared rooms or beds in case of such a case. I mean, if not, what the hell did they do for three months?  Now if that is not the purpose. Then the whole lockdown was a complete waste of time, and extremely devastating to our current economy. We would of fared better if we did the Swedish model of handling the virus. I mean, I don't even dare to look at the unemployment rate now. Yeah, I agree with you. There will be a spike in numbers. Putting in quarantine didn't defeat the virus, it stalled time. I hope to God the hospitals made good use of that time.
Plus the protesters. You can’t rage against one group and completely blind side the other. Based on the pictures I saw of the downtown protest. I didn't see any social distancing.
Kids get sick.  It's part of life.
The hospitals DID. Unfortunately the people themselves didn't, and continued going out and doing shit, and protesting having to wear masks by marching on city halls with guns so they could scream in the cops' faces without a mask on, and demanded haircuts, so people continued to get sicker and sicker, and the curve never flattened.  The hospitals did what they could. The people said 'nah fuck that I'm gonna rebel against authority cuz I'm not a robot! Muh haircuts! Muh jobs!' because Moscow Mitch said 'the peasants got their $1,200, if we give them any more the corporations won't be able to get trillions of bailouts, so fuck 'em, they can die in the gutters.'  If the government actually took care of its people we could've been the prime model of how to handle the outbreak.  But nah. "The CDC says to wear a mask, but I'm not gonna." ~Trump
You realize our hospital gets overwhelmed during a particularly busy flu season right? You’ve read how the people who do end up really sick with this linger for weeks on the ventilator? They have prepared, but now have also been forced (or want to, they are a business as well🤷🏻‍♀️) to open up and the elective procedures are taking up the beds that were cleared for Covid patients. So you want the hospital to stay infinitely prepared while everyone else goes about their business?
For every picture of unmasked protesters there are dozens of pictures from all across the country of protesters wearing masks.  Police hauling off with pepper spray and tear gas - which makes people cough, which, coughing helps spread C-19 - did more to exacerbate the spread than the protests themselves did.
No doubt there will be an increase due to the protestors, but it’s still probably a little too soon to see the effects from that. This uptick will be from Memorial Day weekend and people not social distancing/wearing masks as states have begun opening back up.
This is an ass hole way of thinking about COVID 19.
Kids die too. Does that mean I shouldn’t use a seatbelt or car seat with my kid?
I’m also interested in what people expected the hospital to do, other than simply educate their staff and try to stock up on ppe. It’s not like they can build more rooms, and they already made some exceptions regarding new graduating healthcare students.
A more accurate comparison when using your line of thinking would be to say you should never put a kid into a car period because you might get into an accident.
No it would be to deny people who don’t have a license to drive. So with your analogy we should issue licenses to trained mask wearers and deny public utilities and hand out curfews to those without the license or a mask  Do you even understand how bad your analogy was?
The longer you make the sentences the worse the analogy gets.   COVID isn't going away.  Get over it.
So then no, you don’t understand how bad yours was. Because I used yours to point out how flawed it is and you told me mine was bad. Like you know it’s bad but refuse to admit you’re the source.   Mind boggling gymnastics. It’s ok to be wrong. Lots of people do it, real men own it.   Try reading “Extreme Ownership.” The whole book is about learning from a mistake after admitting he was wrong. Turned it into a multi million dollar book deal lol. But he had to admit he was wrong first
Being condescending doesn’t make you look smart it makes you look like an asshole

COVID 19
Has anyone on here tested positive ... or know someone who has ? How sick are / were they ? I’m pretttty sure I have just waiting on my results . My body just feels “different” and I’m achey ... slight sore throat . Just looking to get some insight ...
My mother in law got it from her best friend (82), who died within 3 days. Mother in law (69) had basic flu symptoms and recovered without intervention within a week. Coworker (40) has been sick for 9 weeks with multiple hospitalizations and now at least 6 months of physical therapy with a pulmonologist to try to build his breathing back. He'll have permanent decreased breathing ability with the scarring in his lungs. It honestly seems so random.
2 coworkers of mine just tested positive...I work at a restaurant so I was pretty inquisitive of the details. One “feels fine” but got tested after the first one was positive. She had a low grade fever, sore throat. Both are 20-30 range.
Oh, coworker said it was like a switch was flipped. Felt ok and then BAM chills, aches, foggy brain, rapid heart, shortness of breath. Was in the hospital within 1 day of first symptoms.
Both my roommates and I (26, 26, and 24) got tested at the same time, they tested positive and I tested negative (I believe I’ve already had it and was just asymptomatic). They’ve had some body aches, chills, and the highest fever was 102. Nothing too serious from our perspective, still another week of quarantine just to be safe
My friend said it felt like there was an alien on the inside of her body trying to get out and one on the outside trying to get in through her pores. High fever two weeks, sick for four. Middle aged and fit though she vapes.   It varies so much, just take it one day at a time and try not to worry.
My girlfriend's boss's dad died from it as did my friend's dad. Both early 70s.
I’ve had direct contact , just achey ..... I can feel the slightest tingle .. I can tell somethings off ... hopefully negative .... find out Sunday
What restaurant?
Age ? Health conditions ?
I find out tomorrow ....
Yeah I’m just achey ... it’s weird . Hopefully it’s all in my head , and my results are negative .
Where did you go get tested? Hope you feel better :/
I probably shouldn’t say, but let’s just say that  1.	They’ve told nobody, including customers and all staff 2.	didn’t clean a damn thing, much less close for a deep clean 3.	being in the service industry I know several restaurants with positive workers (that are still working!) that also haven’t said anything publicly about it, because legally they don’t have to...so think about that next time you “want some normalcy” and go out to eat around town! I personally don’t.
In my first reply.
If you’re younger and don’t have any underlying health issues then the odds are in your favor my friend, don’t stress too much. The roomies told me the worrying was worse than anything
Hey, good luck with this. I know it’s easy to say “don’t worry “ but really try not to worry. Stress can also take a toll on you. Go watch a stupid comedy to get your mind off of everything.
MEDAC
Go ahead and drop the name, maybe through a throw away account. Especially if they didn’t clean or change anything
I understand completely. Haven't gone out to eat since this entire thing started and I've worn a mask out since it was first suggested.   It's horrible that employees are put in such a shitty situation where they can't say something without jeopardizing their jobs if it is for the good of the public and could be the difference between life and death.
I can’t, because only myself, the people who tested positive, and the owner knows so if I do they will know who said anything. But the real takeaway here is that there are SEVERAL restaurants that I know definitely have had positive cases amongst their staff (either friends or roommates of friends of mine) but haven’t cleaned or made it public.
Thanks for understanding :) stay safe!
Not surprised, but hate to hear it
Pretty disgusting that no one will tell which places have positive cases.. even anonymously.  Easy way to avoid it though.. I won't go out to eateries now or when this is over. New way of life.
I know a few .... Chef here ..... not gonna name drop, but it’s pretty widespread from lots of verifiable street chatter . I know a few personally that have had it ... asymptomatic .... that’s why I got tested .....
Yeah, wish more people knew how widespread it is in this industry, but how very little we as individuals can do about it :/

Covid-19 Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with More Cases – New Update untill 27 June

Hi there. This post was removed because it's not specific to Wilmington.

Where can you get free covid-19 testing?
I've tried to look this up and can't find anything. I was planning on calling some places, but no one is advertising free screenings. It's kind of ridiculous this isn't well known. I have friends in the service industry that have paid for tests, because it is required by their work. It should be easily accessible. If it is, then it's not being advertised.
The country is testing for free but you have to meet requirements.  https://health.nhcgov.com/your-environment/public-health/coronavirus/screening-testing/  Might call the number there and see if they know what free options exist if you don't meet the requirements.  Most health insurance is covering them for free if you have that, check with provider.
Late to the party here but CVS does free drive thru screenings! Got my results back in 2 days as well
You can also go to the Health Department and get it for free. The test are covered under the Covid Cares Act and is free everywhere you get tested. You may still have to pay a doctor's fee tho
This link may or may not be helpful:   [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/about-covid-19/testing/find-my-testing-place](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/about-covid-19/testing/find-my-testing-place)  My recommendation would be to contact your doctor. You may have trouble getting approval for a test except by doctor's request.  All testing everywhere in the US is supposed to be free of charge to the person being tested (that's the test itself, not medical fees leading up to test).
From what I’ve been told by health professionals, the CVS test is only 60% accurate. It’s because of user error since you have to swab yourself and most don’t go deep enough in their nasal cavity to get an accurate result.
In Asheville, you get a free test when you give blood, maybe there too?
Walgreens or walmart I think
Here the Red Cross is testing for antibodies, not for the virus itself.
I just made my appointment on the website. You have to pick a time to go. Earliest they had is 2 days away
As OP said you do need an appointment and it’s likely a day or two out, but it is free to those even uninsured like myself

New Hanover’s positive Covid-19 case count doubles in 11 days [Free]

This article is slightly out of date, [as of 6 PM tonight we have broken the 1K mark](https://www.wect.com/2020/06/30/new-hanover-county-covid-cases-surpass/).
> This increase of cases among younger people, under the age of 50, in our community shows that the virus can impact any of us—no matter our age or health condition  Please. Please. I’m begging you, please stay home if you don’t need to go out. Pick up from your favorite restaurant and bring it home.
Today's testing hour a 12 percent positive mark. It's usually les than 8 percent. It'd be nice if they could further break down that info based on symptoms vs no sign of infection. I'd also like to see published the accuracy of the test being given.
Folks should take a drive by Katy's on college road this Saturday.  Not sure what was going on there at 11 PM last Saturday but I don't think I would consider it social distancing.
At the bare minimum, wear a fucking mask. You can find all sorts of fashionable, comfortable masks at local stores or online and they do help.  I mean, a gator or even a towel would be better than just walking around coughing near other people.
I'm so glad Cooper put the mask mandate into effect last Friday. I haven't been in public much lately, but have people been following it in grocery stores/is it being enforced?
It doesn’t affect “anyone” though.  Just because more people are being tested and as a result more positive cases are being detected doesn’t mean that people are being affected.  The Dems the death rate, hospitalization rate, and ICU rates are all down, which are attributed to young people getting it and not being affected like the elderly/compromised were initially.
You expect someone to do this on a daily level, for wilmington, North Carolina?
While I agree on most everything you said, there have been famous people who have died or at they said they died from COVID. Joe Diffie for one example.
Everything you said is moronic, but let’s focus on the thing about celebrities not dying from it. Don’t you think it’s possible that many of them—and there are exceptions, like Adam Schlesinger, who *have* died—have better access to good health care and life-saving treatment because of their money?  Edit: And I want to add: who the hell cares? It’s like saying homelessness isn’t a problem because you’ve never heard of any of the people who are homeless. Yeah, no shit, but I don’t think those that *are* homeless sleep any better at night knowing Michael Jordan and Mick Jagger have roofs over their heads.
Wow, that's all really ignorant.
And yet we remained partially shutdown and limited in what we can do. Please just do the right thing so we can get past this and move on with our life. You’re holding us back, causing unnecessary deaths and destroying our economy.  Do you enjoy seeing people suffer?
Ehhh, I mean I think people are mostly wearing them, but businesses aren't exactly refusing people service if they don't have a mask on during times like these.
Depends on the store. I’ve been told teeter won’t enforce it. Whole Foods was, Trader Joe’s was. I haven’t really been anywhere else
Seen people going in and out of gas stations without so much as batting an eye at the "MANDATORY FACE COVERINGS REQUIRED" sign on the front door. Be careful. Don't even shop in small places where people file in & out quickly. Grocery stores aren't much better, but social distancing is easier at least.
Hell no.
> Just because more people are being tested and as a result more positive cases are being detected doesn’t mean that people are being affected  Explain this part please. Because if I were to get sick, it would mean I was affected by it. I agree that one reason deaths are down is because young people are getting it and are more likely to survive, but as we lighten regulations and people start ignoring suggestions, the exposure rate, and death rate, are going to go up.
A simple check box with each test stating symptomatic or not would not be difficult. And as far as the test accuracy, I don't think I've seen any published data on test accuracy or test manufacturing data anywhere.  One thing to consider is that this week a lot of people are off work and are more willing to go take the test so numbers are higher. Numbers could climb this week and drop by a lot next week or in worst case, keep going up.
Adam Schlesinger is such a bummer. Most people are just going to laugh it off because of “stacy’s mom” but man, he was great. Crazy ex-girlfriend deserves more praise than it gets.
Whole Foods is enforcing it unless someone claims they have a medical condition.   Walked in today and saw someone fit as heck not wearing a mask. Yeah sure lady, you look like you do triathlons, I’m sure you have some medical condition.
I believe they are saying that although more and more young people are getting it, they aren’t getting sick at all.  I know someone who tested positive, and the only symptom they had was loss of smell.
Hospitals are intentionally low because they've stopped elective procedures, people aren't easily convinced to go to the hospital now unless extremely necessary, and people aren't out doing as many of the things that bring you to the hospital.   You're lucky that you're in a place that hasn't been overwhelmed. Why are you making an argument that tries to reopen is into a place that will become overwhelmed?   This virus has killed far more than double what the flu does in a year, and we've been dealing with it for only a few months, and we're trending in the wrong direction.   Celebrities aren't dying of it? This is fucking *embarrassing.*
Rich people can more easily social distance.   This is hitting low income people the worst. Those that can't afford to be out of work and often work in tight quarters. Meat packing plants are particularly bad locations for spreading. Besides Mike Rowe, I'm unaware of any rich people that spend time in meat packing plants.   More broadly, what is your theory here? This is an international conspiracy? Are the half million people who died worldwide... not dead? Faking it? Someone's faking the numbers? Actually it would have to be lots of people faking the numbers worldwide. To what end? Why would everyone be in on this? Why would so many nurses at hospitals all over the country (hell, the world) be making videos talking about what a monster COVID-19 is, how bad it is in their hospitals, how horrible it is for patients to die gasping for air without being able to be near their loved ones for fear of spreading?   Is the world also flat?
What are you talking about? I’ve been at the hospital, it is not a ghost town. Sure, beds aren’t lining the ED and they haven’t needed to convert half the waiting room makeshift rooms, but I wouldn’t say it’s a ghost town. Especially since the COVID unit is nearly, if not, full. Since they started up elective surgeries, the Pacu has been so full that there’s been over flow into other units.
Yeah I’ll admit that I saw that too. But most decent people are wearing masks. The people claiming to have issues without actually having them are scum. They’re going to ruin it for the people who actually are ill.
While I'm all for masks and anyone who can wear one to do so, you can never tell what someone's health issues are by looking at them.  Which is so unfortunately because people will take advantage of the health issue loophole and make life even harder for those who really do have health issues and cannot wear a mask.   I have asthma induced by allergies which is usually fine, but has been worse the past week. I can't image having to wear a mask on a bad asthma day (personally, I stay in, but not everyone has that option).  Very fit people can totally have asthma, so you never know.
Here to add that could be a scarier symptom than it first appears. Some seem to think it could indicate brain damage caused by the virus. https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20200622-the-long-term-effects-of-covid-19-infection
I mean, that’s great for your friend, but it’s not true for everyone.
He’s in IT, he’s smarter than everyone and has the solution to fix all problems. How dare you question his superiority.
As mentioned, Whole Foods and several other grocery stores offer curbside or delivered groceries. Stay home or get the curbside if you don’t want to wear a mask. Don’t risk getting the people who are forced to work sick  I have several coworkers w asthma and they’re all fine wearing masks.
Face shields are always an option. Still protect you and others without impeding on breathing. The ADA also allows for accommodations to be made, so they can offer for someone to shop online and the groceries will be brought out to their car, or delivered.
That isn’t what I meant.   While it’s not true for everyone, it’s true for a lot of people. Then there are asymptomatic carriers.  It isn’t as absolute as “covid+ = sick”
I can't imagine what your internet search history looks like.
If this is an attack by China then they would consider this a huge success. The US has the highest number of deaths, the highest number of unemployed and we are still trending up while everyone else is trending down.  Shit maybe you’re right, they exposed our biggest weakness. It’s morons who will selflessly destroy their own country.  How do you feel knowing you’re a pawn for the Chinese?
You have a fascinating view of the world.
Whole Foods you can get free delivery if you have prime! You don’t even have to drive down oleander!
Agree.
Oh, gotcha. Agree. I would guess that the data shown here shows people that did have some sort of symptoms, or came in contact with someone and decided to get tested.

Coronavirus Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with more Cases - From 1 March to 16 June


North Carolina Total Corona Virus Cases by Day

Others have rightly pointed out that since the chart shows total cases it will always go up. *However,* what you can learn from that graph is whether cases are increasing or decreasing (slope). It's pretty obvious that cases are currently increasing. Also, since testing rates can influence the above, a far more important indicator is the number of covid19 hospitalizations which have NEARLY DOUBLED since re-opening.     [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)   So, yeah the risk is still very much there. Be safe y'all.
I've been making a chart every week for my own curiosity for a few weeks now.  I've been getting the numbers from the NCDHHS, so I can't confirm their validity, but the chart tracks the number of new, confirmed cases each week. This gets around the dips that come from testing facilities that are closed during the weekend, but shows the rate of growth rather clearly. These are the numbers as of last Sunday.  [https://imgur.com/a/sidZtJl](https://imgur.com/a/sidZtJl)
Because of all the arguments in this thread about flattening vs not, could you post the chart that shows the derivative of this data? i.e. Change in case by date?
We need a new sticky. It’s more difficult to find actual news about the virus now, even though NC is one of the states that is getting attention in the national news for having a rise in cases.
We haven't flattened anything
This chart shows total number. It's always going to go up. It looks as if it's been steady honestly, no real spike.  Increase in testing also leads to increase in cases.
The percentage of positive tests has remained in the 6-8 percent rate from the very beginning, once that changes, that's when it becomes more of a threat.  800 or so people are hospitalized state wide right now. That's with a total number of positive cases at 30k or so.  At this point, keeping the virus out of nursing homes, retirement communities, and away from anyone who is at risk is the most important thing. That isn't hard. At risk individuals should be staying at home and anyone else should avoid them.
More tests = more cases
Well whatever it" means" , it ain't good!
Thank you BLM for marching us closer to herd immunity.
This person maths!  Based on the graph, total cases are increasing at an increasing rate... This is bad
Shouldn't we want to curve a cumulative graph?
The weather channel app does this too. It’s pretty crazy. We’re regularly increasing cases by around 30% per week since reopening.
https://imgur.com/a/83xRmhv
You can't flatten the curve on a chart that shows total number of cases lol
Well, it sure has gotten worse since things reopened, so we probably did flatten.  It could only have been worse at the outset.
Isn't that an exponential curve, though?  It's been years since algebra/calculus for me, but steady increase would imply a linear graph.... I think  Edit: I added "calculus" because I mention calculus in another comment... Exponential graphs are introduced in algebra, but they get shoved down your throat in calculus lol
2 months to reach 20, 000 cases, then less than a month to exceed 40, 000.  https://abc11.com/health/covid-19-latest-nc-has-one-of-the-top-percent-positive-test-rates-in-us-/6246025/  "Cohen outlined where North Carolina stands on four major metrics, indicating that the state isn't where it should be on any metric.  COVID-like syndromic cases in emergency rooms, hospitalizations and percentage of positive tests are all increasing slightly. In addition, the number of cases reported each day is rapidly increasing -- Cohen pointed out that more than 1,000 cases were reported on four days in the last week.  While the state has tripled its testing capacity, Cohen said that an increase in testing alone could not account for the rapid increase in cases, citing both the percentage of positive tests and increasing hospitalizations as signs that the virus is spreading in North Carolina.  Cohen also said that North Carolina is one of the states where the percentage of positive tests is highest in the nation. While that number currently sits at 10%, Cohen said she'd like to see it reduce to 5%."
https://twitter.com/wectnews/status/1271792874414395395?s=21  🙃🙃🙃
Apparently, it’s incredibly hard to keep the virus out of nursing homes and other congregate living situations.
Lol what was wrong with thig guys comment? He's right, just not what you commies wanna hear. This sub is a leftist hell hole.
More cases also = more cases.
Yep! But it should be increasing at a decreasing rate.. Something like (y=x^.5)  Less and less new cases per day.. Then, hopefully flattening out  Edit: didn't realize reddit would format my formula for me.. Neat!
??? How is this upvoted?  You can absolutely flatten a chart with #number of cases... by stopping new cases. Of course we wont go from the rate of infection we're at to 0 new cases/day overnight but we're not even moving in the right direction, the curve is getting progressively steeper.
The graph was flat in January so...
I'd suggest you look at the curve for NY then.
Yes you can. By having no/very few additional cases. That's unlikely, but it is possible. Look at NZ and South Korea.
The problem is that it costs more and no one wants that.
From my understanding, the big problem is what to do with patients who are in some sort of assisted living home when they test positive. Force a loved one to take them?
Wait I’m confused. Are we commies or socialists?
The sky is blue
I think you're missing the point that a chart showing total number of cases doesn't have a curve, just a line that will always go up unless there are no additional cases for a significant period of time which isn't going to happen. Let's see a chart showing new cases per day.
Well that’s a shame.  Do you think those facilities could do more but just don’t?
water is indeed wet
So, this is like one of the first things you learn in Calculus (not being a dick, I just had a kickass calculus teacher).. Yes, the line can never go down, because its looking at Total Cases... This graph does have a curve, though, because cases are increasing at an increasing rate.  Its like a car accelerating: - Total miles driven (or Total Cases) will always go up - Your speed determines the number of miles per hour (or cases per day) - Your acceleration determines your increase in speed... Like going from 20mph to 40mph.. This would be the increase in the number of cases per day  There's a lot of calculus that I friggin hate (go to hell, infinite series), but learning the nature of derivatives was awesome  Edit:  I googled "covid 19 new cases nc" and got a sweet interactive chart to view new cases per day.. From Wikipedia, so not sure of the accuracy, but probably still worth a look!
https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases

