Biltmore Village restaurant closes amid COVID-19 crisis

Man I hate this. Spent some great anniversary dinners here. Wife loved their softshell crabs. A friend's son helped clean up after the floods years ago. So many fine restaurants have closed over the years.
F

Former Buncombe County Sheriff Bobby Medford dies of COVID-19

I remember growing up heearin about all the crimes this guy and his family committed.
Thanks Edit: not sarcasm, thanks for the good news in a time of utter bullshit.
I’m not shedding any tears over this one.
I heard the flags at Harrah's Cherokee will be at half-mast.
Sad... His brother used to teach PE and health at Randolph... He made sure you stood for the pledge of allegiance every morning... I don’t think they even do the pledge of alligence in schools anymore since most teachers are essentially communists at this point and it would trigger them
They are a super high exposure risk. They need to start wearing mask, and [stop spitting on protesters ](https://twitter.com/gwstoby/status/1268000330941378560?s=09)
😂
You are not real. You are not real.  You are not real.
The man died and you bring up his brother to bring up a bullshit strawman argument. I had to get out the red push pins and string to get the leaped connections and I couldn't even reach the triggered communists.
It sure is fucking heart wrenching that a crooked money laundering cop died in prison. Not just any old crooked cop but the one in charge of all the others. Holy shit i might just drown in my fucking tears tonight.
Shill bitch fuck right off
Say Garlic Bread if you’re a real person  Edit: Confirmed that u/arealoldashevillan is not a real person
Fuck you, you cancerous piece of trash.
He's been in federal prison for a long time.
Stop with the Temper tantrums and have some dignity.
Seems like your on an emotional downward spiral... Please seek help
Garlic bread
Edit: oh. Super exposure. I love to see it but many folks in there that don't deserve death sentences
says the cuck who surely supported the mask/unlock protests
Is this all you fucking morons can come up with?  Did Ben Shapiro squeeze that turd out for you or did you learn to big boy poop all by yourself?

Citizen Times: Former Sheriff Bobby Medford dies of COVID-19 in federal custody

Hi! Since this has already been posted [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/gw605x/former_buncombe_county_sheriff_bobby_medford_dies/), I've removed your post. Thanks for your understanding!
Ding dong the dick is dead!!!!  Fucking finally!
I didn't realize until later that I was late to the game, no worries.
aw, downvoting, did i offend wrinkled ballsacks across the county?

Covid-19.direct: Asheville: The Numbers

Just a painful reminder that while coronavirus infections have slowed down, it's still growing. Be careful out there friends.
I don't have an article handy, latimes recently published one, but it's behind a paywaoll, anywho - there is much talk of teargas aiding the transmission of covid, nevermind the disastrous effects it can have on the respiratory system
Are we still mad about people protesting during all this or is that no longer a thing? First we’re upset that people are protesting, now we like it. What changed? 🤔
The issues are different. The protests before were about reopening restaurants, barber shops offices, and about the right to not wear a mask. All this during a pandemic. Now the protests are about equal justice when there clearly is not equal justice.  So....Hey I shouldn't have to wear a mask during a pandemic vs. hey if I get killed by police, that officer needs to have a murder charge and go to prison.
You know well and good that our protests were about not destroying the economy. It wasn’t about getting a haircut or not having to wear a mask. It was about being able to feed our families. Wanting us shut down then getting mad when you’re shut down is disingenuous. You’re saying that the 1st amendment only applies to you. It only applies to people you agree with.   What changed is what side was protesting. Deny that all you want but it’s clear as day. That’s why we can’t take you seriously.
Were you truly afraid of not being able to feed your family? Like, y’all were about to go to the food pantry? Couldn’t afford bread, rice, beans, eggs and whatnot? No unemployment benefits? Just curious.
I actually agree that it was super annoying that the majority on this subreddit were belittling people who protested then but are encouraging people to protest now. I'm all for people protesting for what they believe in even if I don't like their cause.
The folks in the streets are not the neo liberals you're referencing. The folks you're talking about believe we can fix this with voting
The folks I’m talking about are the ones who denigrated us when we protested and cheered when their side protested. The ones who thought we should have been dispersed with tear gas but cry when it happens to them. When the conservatives speak out against nazis, the neoliberals are quiet about antifa, even pretending that antifa doesn’t exist.
Who exactly was saying that the reopen protesters should be tear gassed?

Former Sheriff Bobby Medford dies in federal custody of COVID-19

Hi! Since this has already been posted [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/gw605x/former_buncombe_county_sheriff_bobby_medford_dies/), I've removed your post. Thanks for your understanding!
Huh. I'd looked for it and missed it. Oh well. Onward.

NC COVID-19 Update: Total number of cases jump by 1,189 in 24 hour period

BLM protests?
Takes 2 weeks more or less, so maybe Memorial Day weekend and the start of a Phase 2
2 weeks? You mean for a test to be taken, processed, and come back?
Incubation period
Dunno why you’re being downvoted, this seems like a genuine question. I believe 2 weeks is the incubation period.
Thanks.
Thanks. They're not downvoting the question though. They're downvoting the user. I generally line up on the other side of the isle from most people on this sub. As a result some people think that downvoting is a way of striking back regardless of the particular content they're voting on. It's ok though. My life and my self worth don't revolve around upvotes and downvotes. Have a good one.
Your original comment could have been taken sarcastically, like you were blaming the BLM protests for the spike instead of inquiring about it. I think we all need a refresher on mistake before malice with everything that's happening.

2 Asheville firefighters isolate after testing positive for COVID-19

A lot more of that coming our way, we haven't seen isolation yet...
And, the disease goes on.
We've stopped caring about the rona,  it's time for large social gatherings now.
Damn didn't think it would happen but here we agree on something, it is ironic as fuck.   Although I wonder about the accuracy of the disproportionate infection of black folks.  I wonder if there's a social difference with some risky behavior that we don't know about,  or if it's more poverty related and the poor in general get infected at higher rates. Irrelevant at this point rona is gonna do its thing now.

I just visited Asheville and made a video including how things are opening back up after COVID-19 and how the protests have effected the city. If you are traveling to the area soon, it may be a valuable resource. I also feature the Airbnb we stayed at.

Idk if I want fitness advice from someone that doesn't know the difference between affect and effect.
Lots of "I" this and "I" that. Basically a tourist saw a bear (shock!) and barely (pun intended) made it back to their car alive! It's basically one of those "sun glasses on the top of the head" tourist videos. It is suggested that if you like the video you should subscribe to his channel. No suggestions as what to do if you just think it's just another self indulgent tourist.
I’m very fortunate that grammar and health improvement do not go hand in hand. I own this one.
Yeah I tend to speak in the first person a lot when I’m talking about what I did. Damn it I’m doing it again. Huge issue Cody is trying to overcome. Cody sorry Cody had no idea that people in Asheville do not enjoy tourist coming to their city and boosting their economy which has lead to this type of distaste. Cody further sorry for placing sunglasses on top of head when not blocking sun.
YES! I’ve been considering that but I’m very new to the filming/photography world. Any that you would suggest for a Cannon M50?
For those of us who live in Asheville, hiking up to Rattlesnake Lodge and seeing a bear is like cutting the grass or sweeping out the garage. It happens. We don't get on "our channel" and do a video about "we swept out the garage!"
My God you're childish.
Yeah I totally get that. I hope the video didn’t come off as being completely focused around that because I figured it was a common occurrence for you all. We do not have bears where we are from so it was new for us. I didn’t include it in the title or even my Reddit post title for that exact reason, so I guess I’m a little confused on the backlash. My channels not about hikes or bears in the first place, I just try and help people lose weight and improve. If that doesn’t apply to you then that’s awesome. I’m glad you’re not in that situation. This was just an opportunity for me to switch up my content a little bit and include what took place during our trip. I’m being 100% genuine when I ask this but do people from Asheville not like tourists?
Internet friend I am just trying to help people. I had no idea people in/from Asheville would be so angry. Everybody was really nice when we were there.
Yes I noticed that while editing. This was the first time for me filming with this camera out somewhere. Before I used a GoPro Hero 5 Black and always wanted a gimbal for that. Wasn’t sure if they had affordable options for larger cameras like this one that would work in these types of environments.
Let's just say you are the second "influencer" to post on this sub in as many days. I obviously can't speak for Asheville. I can't speak for the sub. For me I don't really care as long as they aren't too irritating. My wife and I were hiking at the arboretum on Saturday and encountered four tourists that felt they were horribly lost in the woods when in fact they were on a loop trail and it would be really hard to really be lost. I was nice and didn't point that out and directed them to their parking lot. They the other day I'm driving down a twisting mountain road on the way to pick up my wife who was working as a medic at one of the demonstrations, and I almost run into a car with out of state plates who had stopped in the middle of the road. The passenger was sitting on the window ledge taking what I assume was a video of a bear in the trash of a house. Just pull off the road. Then there are the "low landers" that drive around at 15 mph looking at the mountains. Just act like you've been here before.  That's all. Overall I hope we are welcoming to those tourists. My advice to tourists would just be relax, have a beer, enjoy the area and just don't freak out. Things are going to be ok. there hasn't been a bear fatality in Asheville for like ... days.
TYL: most people don't like self-promoted content on reddit in general.
It's just the subreddit. People in Asheville are generally nice. Apologies. Don't let it bother you.
Yeah I try. I get it some people are angry/unhappy and there’s not much you can do about that. I was trying to be a resource for people and also help promote local business/Airbnb host that may have taken a hit from COVID.
I’m not an influencer. I only have 73 subscribers so I’m not influencing anyone at this point. Just trying to help people. Can’t stress that enough. I’m sorry you’ve had those bad run ins with tourists lately that have had such a lasting effect. I used this subreddit when we were planning our trip so I thought an updated video might help others traveling to the area because there was a lot we didn’t know.
I am finding that out.
Yeah that’s what I thought. Everybody we spoke with and met was super nice. Really nice place. We want to come back when everything’s open and be able to do some stuff on the River. We had no idea there was such a water activity scene.

Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?
A research team at Duke University is studying how COVID-19 is impacting families in the southern US. We hope to learn about how to best provide social and emotional support for families over the coming months as we all navigate many highs and lows. **The survey takes about 40 minutes and is for parents and caregivers with children ages 3 - 16.** 1 in 100 participants get a $100 gift card. (For our study, the southern US includes: AL, AR, DE, DC, FL, GA, KY, LA, MD, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN, TX, VA, and WV)[CLICK here to participate](https://bit.ly/2zymmo2)https://preview.redd.it/krzq1wdg3c551.png?width=5000&format=png&auto=webp&s=4e65645224b71a9e7888b88235adae4cfd02d4dd
It's funny because while on the one hand I feel like gouging my eyeballs out with a dull spoon probably one to two times per day, I am spending an incredible amount of quality time with my son who just turned two and a half. I have been thinking more and more lately how I will look back on this bonding time as irreplaceable.   It's a crazy dichotomy.
DC and MD the South.  Lol.
We were basing the South as defined by the Mason Dixon line. We have edited the copy of the post to reflect the "southern US" rather than the South.  Thanks for your feedback!  [https://www.britannica.com/place/Mason-and-Dixon-Line](https://www.britannica.com/place/Mason-and-Dixon-Line)
Why don't you research how it has impacted the homeless? No group of people has been hit harder and been more devastated by it.
Delaware, District of Colombia, Maryland I don’t remember these “states” being “in the south” until Creepy Joe Hugsy Copafeel Biden was running for President... these are supposed to be families in the south??????? Thanks joe Biden you get to be demented in your basement and leave the rest of us “southerners” alone... “you ain’t black if you don’t vote for demented Joe”.... Isn’t Creepy joe more concerned with kids touching his leg hairs at the swimming pool, where he learned about roaches? (Not my words mods, that’s from joe Biden’s own mouth)  Edit: I forgot to mention where creepy joe Biden not only said kids loved the hair on his legs and he learned about roaches, but he also learned about “kids jumpin on his lap, he loved kids jumpin on his lap” (joe Biden’s words not mine , mods)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEPaG7CT4Aw
Yep. When daycare closed and I found out I was going to be the primary caregiver to our 20 month old I felt like my word was about to implode. I spent lots of time with her but I always had my wife to help. Fast forward and I insisted on her not returning to daycare- my time with her is a gift.
But you’re still including DE...
Do you think anybody on this sub likes Joe Biden?
It’s all relative. I grew up in Maryland and know it’s history in the civil war(lived close to both Gettysburg and Antietam) but it IS below the mason dixon line and people in the northeast sometimes think of it as the south for that reason. There’s really no hard and fast rule about what states are in the south or Deep South, especially with border states like md and wv.
When compared to the shit stain that is our current president I like Joe.

NC Congressman daughter got Covid-19 working at a restaurant
Unfortunately, this is only on Facebook in Charlotte. No testing..... [https://www.facebook.com/watch/live/?v=2386397681659250&ref=watch\_permalink](https://www.facebook.com/watch/live/?v=2386397681659250&ref=watch_permalink)
First 13 minutes are worth watching. Points made are very little contact tracing occurring and no enforcement of restrictions being violated by reopened establishments. Also, younger population is leading in recent upswings in infections.
Congressman Meyer is a great representative for our state. Orange county is fortunate to have his voice.

Mecklenburg reports new COVID-19 deaths among younger adults, cases continue to rise

>Last week, three more people between the ages of 40 and 59 died from coronavirus complications, bringing the total deaths for that age group in the county to 14.  That's very very sad.
*Comment deleted by mods*
Fake.
Imagine having no empathy for over 100,000 family members who have needlessly lost loved ones.
Oh for sure, from what I've seen, it looks like permanent respiratory damage, organ damage, and male infertility are all on the table.
Are there any preventive measures if its known if you have it to prevent further damage/aid in recovery?
Imagine making baseless assumptions about an anonymous user on social media because you're bored af.
lol pretty sure I can read exactly what you wrote, actually.
Based on your comment, you seem to lack empathy.
Cool. Thanks Freud.
That's nice, thank you, I'll send you a bill for the comment psychoanalysis.
That made my day, thank you

Anyone tested for Covid-19, how long for test results to come back?
My doctor asked me to get tested for it, and I’m going to. It’s making me a bit nervous because I called about another matter entirely, but because of symptoms he wants me tested. I really don’t think I have it (hope I’m right). Now that he’s brought it into the mix, I’m understandably nervous and am wondering how long it takes to get results back. I’ll find out tomorrow morning how long it takes, as that’s when I’ll get tested, but I’d like to have an idea. Thanks in advanceEdit to request that there are no disparaging remarks made on this post. I’m already not feeling well. Thanks in advance for that as well.
i was tested on thursday and am waiting for my results. they said 2-5 days. i called this AM and they said likely tomorrow.
4 days for mine
Tested at Range on Thursday. Negative result today. They said 2-4 days.  Good luck.
I would recommend a high degree of scepticism when it comes to your results.  I tested negative 4 times while I was sick- doctors kept testing me because they were sure I had it.  I recovered (after getting pneumonia), and the next week I took a blood test for antibodies, and it came back positive.
Took 4 days for us to get results from my son’s pediatrician
4 days for the call (which i actually missed and they didn’t leave a voicemail). i then got the results in the mail 2 days after that.
MAHEC took 4 business days if you count the day I was tested. Thursday—>Tuesday. Be aware there is a HIGH percentage of false negatives (they told me 20-40%)
It took me 5 business days. Originally CVS told me 2-4 days but due to high volume it was longer.
Update:  Back from getting the test. They told me 48-72 hours.  Edited to thank all of you kind and helpful people.
72 hours is standard turnaround at this time
Test was negative and had no symptoms but work wanted everyone tested
2 or 3 days from cvs a month ago or so
i went to range urgent care to get tested in their drive-thru
Thanks for replying. Hope you’re ok.
Also tested on Thurs. They told me 3-4 days, and I'm going to call tomorrow if I don't hear.
Thank you. Hope you’re doing ok.
Thanks. Good luck to you too!
weird, i tested there too on thursday and i didn’t hear anything. what time did they text you with results? maybe i have it and they are having a doctor call me tomorrow? i doubt i do though
Holy cow! Are you ok? I sure hope so. Thanks for the heads up.
Thank you. I’m sure my Dr will give me a more accurate test. Hate waiting but rather it be correct lol.
Thank you. Hope you’re ok.
Thank you. Hope you and your family are well, and stay well.
Thank you for replying. Seems like 4 days is the magic number. Hope all’s well with you and stays that way.
Jeez! Even the ones at the doctors offices? That’s disappointing. I thought the high false negatives were the 15 minute antibody tests. Thanks for the heads up.
Thanks. Be well
Thanks :)
Glad to hear it. Stay well :)
When you got your results back, how did you interpret them. Mine say “value” and “standard range” either detected or not detected. Do you know what both value/standard range mean?
I’ll be going to my primary drs office, Family Health Center downtown.
you too! ❤️
I called them. Can't hurt.  I assume they are overwhelmed with tests.
I'm ok now! Thank you for asking. It was definitely the most miserable I've ever been with illness though.
No, I had a nose swab. Not the super painful one, they said this one was not as invasive, so I’m not sure which but it definitely took several days for results :/
I also went to range drive through and had results in 3 days. Obviously that may very with your doctor but it's also probably not out of the question to expect 3-5 days.
Shout out from another FHC patient! I hope you get good news, friend (but also a manageable diagnosis so you can address whatever you're dealing with).
Thanks 💕
i called them this morning and they didn’t have mine back yet. agreed i’m sure they are swamped. glad your test came back negative!
I agree, and am not sure why anyone would want one. Too many false results for my peace of mind. Seems like anything goes right now. I understand that this is a new virus but the way they’ve been rushing things through is risky and irresponsible.
Wow. I’ll be sure to ask about that when I go tomorrow. Crazy stuff huh?
Thank you so much. Hope you’re well.
Hey! Thank you. I don’t know about you, but I’m pretty happy with them. I appreciate the kind words and encouragement. Stay well! :)
My wife is still waiting for her results from Thursday as well.
Yeah! Best of luck!
Same here - they have treated me with compassion and dignity through some significant challenges. I hope they are doing the same for you these days. You be well, also...
call them. i called this AM and they gave me my results
They sure have. Thank you 🙏
She has called several times.

Across NC, including Buncombe County, the majority of confirmed Covid-19 cases are people under 50

[Over 900 people in NC are hospitalized for coronavirus ](https://twitter.com/WCHLChapelboro/status/1275466062801391617?s=19)
That woman is like, "This is a MASK. MA-SS-KAH. You put it on your face."
State wide, it appears those under 50 are about 2/3rds of the total cases, yet represent roughly 5% of the deaths...  But might be worth to check my numbers as that’s cell phone math while in the bathroom...
"Young people may think they’re invincible, but emerging trends prove otherwise: Across North Carolina, as well as in Buncombe County, the majority of COVID-19 cases are being confirmed in people under the age of 50.  Read more in today's newsletter: "    >posted by @mxnews   ___    media in tweet: https://i.imgur.com/hehcXB9.jpg
Don’t we want cases to go up as long as number of deaths don’t go up?  That is how we get herd immunity right?
This was never a concern. There are literally more people younger than 50 here. The data is only 59-67% are infected at/under 49.  The debate here is the death rate. It kills people 70+, with pre exisiting conditions. People aged 0-17 have a 10%chance to even get the disease and a fraction of a % to die from it, hense the "why the fuck are schools closed?" aguments.  Im not taking sides here. Just pointing out that youre cherry picking data and straw maning a debate that isnt currently going on.
These young kids are killing me.  No really ... not wearing a mask is attempted murder.
Cases yes- like most ILIs the younger workers are affected- oh and the thousands of younger people in the BLM rallies. Cases - not deaths. The majority of deaths are in the known risk groups elderly with at least one compromising condition such as heart disease.
I will pass on lasting damage to my body.
People don't think they're invincible because they won't catch it, they think they're invincible because of the high amount of people who have it but are asymptomatic. I take issue with their wording there.
70-80% of the population must have antibodies, and then at a high enough level, to achieve herd immunity. That will take years.
No. COVID causes other damage besides death. I don't want my lungs to get fucked up.
No herd immunity is not likely without a vaccine
I'm simply passing along a tweet from the Asheville Express.
I’ve seen a lot more old people without masks than young.
Taking only those who have tested positive in NC, those who are under 50 have a mortality rate of roughly .2%
Maybe it's not that people think they're invincible, but that people realize they're not likely to die.
Agreed. I don't think anybody thinks they can't get it. It's the under 50s that have very little chance of a negative outcome. It's not that they believe that's the case that is truly the case. There is also very little chance of a negative outcome for other age brackets that are older but per the headline it's addressing only 50-year-olds and younger.
Exactly
So we want more people to contract it while keeping the deaths low...
They was all gonna die sooner or later. These deaths might even help seal the Donald as a one term president. Look on the bright side!
r/Covid19positive is full of negative effects for young folks, and definitely worth checking out
Yes, that would be ideal. Keep the hospitalizations manageable and not overwhelm the system like that happened in wuhan, italy and New York
Are you, or they, saying we have not yet had a sustained outbreak yet?   Asking for the entire world.
Yes that exists, but again its a low probability for those under 50
And none of that is scientifically validated at this point. And a point I've called you out on so many times in the past, if immunity is short lived, vaccines are worthless and we're all going to get it anyway.
Is this not obviously a sustained outbreak?  You literally just have to google nc coronavirus and you will see graphs...but yeah, it’s clearly because we’re testing too much.  If only we could slow down the testing, we’d see those numbers go down.  #its all Obama’s fault
I mean, because the universe has only been aware of this virus for six months?  That's how science works. You learn more, test more, and narrow your hypotheses.
In all history only 2 diseases have been eradicated by vaccines.  We're all going to get it.
Slow it not break it. You cannot stop the transmission, only delay
If they have damage they’re not symptomatic
> Not much about this virus is scientifically validated.  Of course it's not, but if you're going to present it as though it's a valid counter point, the attack is valid.  > If the vaccine is short lived it can still break the transmission chains.  It depends on how long the vaccine lasts. The people who appear to have been re-infected got it within 2 months of their previous infection, so if it's that short of a time period, a vaccine in all likelihood remains worthless when you consider how long it takes to vaccinate people globally and how long it actually takes for antibodies to set in. Thus, my point stands.
I don't think Taiwan has had a community transmission for over two months. (The only new cases have been people returning from abroad.) Proper policies and a well-thought-out plan developed in advance could have stopped transmission.
[This](https://www.mainepublic.org/post/we-still-dont-fully-understand-label-asymptomatic) article that came out today talks about how asymptomatic doesn't mean that damage has not been done to the body
And how are they keeping it out?
They have.  Of course they have roughly the same population as Alabama, spread over twice as many square miles, and geographical isolated from the rest of humanity.
That doesn’t mean they are not vulnerable. They will have to isolate the country until it dies out everywhere else. It doesn’t just go away.
You’re right i meant Asymptomatic, auto correct on my phone has been a bitch today.   ASymptomatic means you never knew you had it. You are/were a carrier but never got sick.  Only way you know is because you just randomly got a test.   Presymptomatic is the phase one is in before getting symptoms. These are the ones most likely spreading as their viral load is higher

Coronavirus NC: Buncombe has not yet hit COVID-19 peak, officials say

No surprise here. OTOH, I went to Harris-Teeter on Merrimon this morning and there was only one person not wearing a mask, so at least some people are still taking it seriously,.
Of course we haven't.
Anyone looking at a graph can tell that.
The term “peak” has been thrown around every month with a different month as “the peak”.  These officials are clowns.
Two weeks, two weeks.
I went there last night and the guy working the deli wasn’t wearing one. Neither was the person he was talking with. Most people were though.
You do realize the government entities you are critizing are run by democrats right?  Asheville mayor, city council, local state senators, local state rep, and governor.  All of them are democrats. So thats fine if you want to criticise the government because they should be. But realize its the democrats that are fucking everything up.
Big yikes on those deli employees.
Why are you trying to pick a fight? This is not a partisan issue, don’t make it out to be one.
You can be critical of both Democrats and Republicans.  The American government as a whole has bungled their response to the Coronavirus.
Stop treating politics like a football game, thank you.
How's that federal leadership going for you?  I don't GAF who is in power, they are FAILING us on all levels.
Fight? Partisan?  The leaders from the mayor to the governor are democrats. There is no partisan issue. This is a democrat issue and they have failed throughout this "pandemic" on ever level of every matter.  They have failed when thousands looted, burned, amd rioted.  They have failed to maintain law and order.  There is no partisan issue to be found - only the failures of democrats.  Time to vote them out at all levels of government.
The American people have bungled the response to Coronavirus. It's the live free or die mentality. There's nothing really the politicians could do. New York only turned the corner because the situation got so dire it forced the populous to take it seriously and the same thing will have to happen across the country.
Wrong. The democrats as late as March were still telling people to "go to chinatown" and that the travel ban was rAcIsT.  Www.promiseskept.com  The states bungled the response and CONTINUE to bungle the response. The states that are bungling the response are all democrat controlled.  Red states are doing just fine. Ypu do not even have to go very far to see it - South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee are all doing great.  Red counties in NC are doing just fine too. Its only blue counties and states that continue to struggle.
Great actually. The federal government has done a phenomenal job.  They got hospital ships sent out, multiple field hospitals across the country, sent military doctors and other medical staff to assist local hospitals, instituted a travel ban very early on even in the face of criticism, supplied states with tens of thousands of ventillators, millions of masks and gloves and other PPE, guaranteed citizens that the Federal Government would cover the cost of treatmeny for COVID, supplied the largest stimulis in history in record time, added additional funding to states unemployment funds and additional funds for citizens on top of states unemployment benefits.  Thats just some of the work the federal governmeng has done.  All while many states have done nothing to help their citizens.
Please offer a link for your absurd claims
"Go to Chinatown"?  What does that even mean?

Henderson County Sheriff's Office calls covid-19 outbreak a "PLANNEDemic"

They deleted the comment but a sheriff reposted the comment under his personal account, word for word.
If you deny the seriousness of the situation don't go to the hospital if you get sick from the very thing the rest of us are trying to prevent. live or possibly die with the consequences.
Why are elected fools with ZERO science background making decisions about my and others health?  Screw him. These people are DUMB.
ACAB at high school level science.
and this nutsack has a badge with not a fucking brain to go with it.
This "plannedemic" has killed over 100,000 people, given people long-term lung damage, and caused heart failure in seemingly healthy people. Screaming "fake news" or walking around with AR-15s isn't going to save you from it.
You can email the Henderson County Commissioners here: https://www.hendersoncountync.gov/boc
Somebody forgot to switch accounts before replying....  But also, fuck that guy.  No, we aren’t tired of preaching because idiots like him still aren’t taking it seriously.
If the ACA is repealed by Trump, Covid-19 will be considered a pre existing condition. You will be denied coverage.
I can't help but be reminded of the [John Oliver episode about sheriffs](https://youtu.be/v_kak7kAdNw).
un fucking believable.
I love that people are finally seeing how giving someone a government position with authority doesn't make that person any less dumb. Abolish the police.
Fuck all cops.
Nice portmanteau!
I don't think the police should at all be involved in whether or not individuals wear masks. Now if a privately owned building denies entry to an individual for those reasons, that is a case where the police may get involved, but not for the mask, for the trespassing.
I’d like to know the realtor as well. Opening a business in Henderson county. It would be nice to know.
Love it. Based and red pilled.
Hahahahahahahaha amen hendo, amen.
This Sheriff I dunno why yall don’t want to name him, has turned out to be far better than I would’ve ever imagined... He cooperates with ICE detainers and now this? Seems like the denizen’s of Henderson County are in quite capable hands, too bad Buncombe since Medford went away gets the worst Sheriff’s in WNC....
[https://planned-demic.com/](https://planned-demic.com/)  "Cognitive Dissonance Disclaimer: Sometimes people hold a core belief that is very strong. When they are presented with evidence that works against that belief the new evidence can not be accepted. Because it creates a feeling that is extremely uncomfortable. Because it is so important to protect the core belief they will ... "  Research those who you oppose before blindly opposing them... perhaps something of value will come of it.  Perhaps you wish to take enemies here - as such "keep your enemies close" and study... here you are presented with an angle - would you not want to see all the angles as clearly as possible?  What is the goal, in general?  There is a reason the "disclaimer" is there "When they are presented with evidence that works against that belief the new evidence can not be accepted."... an unfortunately common occurrence amongst those who shout down rather than listen, happens here all the time (see the correlation upon downvoted posts...).
Which sherif?
The guy that reposted is a realtor. I’m not sure if he’s still active in the law enforcement community. Apparently being a cop makes you a good realtor. I’m not sure how this works, but this is his selling point.
Which sherrif?
I empathize woth the frustration, but even aside from the moral and ethical implications, that path would make things even worse for the rest of us as a practical matter.
And a gun.
You going to love it when Trump loses in November?
I hope the glory of Christ will heal you of your hatred for others.
seriously, go crawl back up whatever asshole you crawled out of, Trumpwaffen
Wow, digging up the Medford. Nice pull.
the magnitude of stupidity that the fucking Trumpwaffen manage to maintain is astounding
Pm me too, I’m going to call them and rage about this
Pm'd you.
It'd be kinda scary if he is no longer an employee of the sherrif... but has access to their facebook account.
everyone in this thread is confusing “the sheriff“ with “a deputy“   there’s only one “sheriff of Henderson county“ there are many “ Henderson county sheriff’s deputies“  I think a lot of the confusion is arising because the real question here is: did the sheriff of Henderson county post this on the official Henderson County sheriffs department Facebook page, or did a sheriffs department employee or a sheriffs deputy with access to the Facebook account post this?
Can't give personal information on here, it'll get removed.
Awesome apparently equals using government accounts to post misleading, moronic personal beliefs.
you fucking cuck
If only coronavirus was big enough to shoot, the American police force would have it killed within a day or two.
This is what the no mask crowd doesn’t understand. The long term health problems that Covid causes AFTER your asymptomatic exposure or infection. Health insurance will be denied without the ACA
I like you username. I’ve never voted. I have no skin in the game. Politics is a sham. But trump is going to win in a landslide.
I think this living in my mom’s basement fetish the people on this sub have for me is quite entertaining....
Dude send this to the local news it has police misconduct and covid in one package they'll totally run something.
Can you PM me about it as well. I live in Henderson county and work in downtown Hendersonville. It looks like enforcing the ban at work is going to be difficult.
I’d like to know also (privately) — about to move to Hendersonville.
The Sheriff's department posted it, then it was deleted and reposted by someone else word for word. Not that the person has access to the Sheriff's account.
Think about a government office that allows more than a couple of people to have access to their Facebook account.  That's scary in and of itself.  The comment is gone now, but the official comment is almost as bad - basically that the Henderson County Sheriff's Department trusts the citizens of the county to do the right thing.  And that they will not enforce it.  Take the time to read the comments.  Most are in favor of no masks, some still call it a hoax, and more than a few talk about health issues that keep them from wearing masks.  I have never heard of so many people that can't wear a piece of cloth over their face for a few minutes to protect themselves and others.  It's almost an epidemic of health issues inside a pandemic (of a real virus).  Oh, and many are saying that private businesses should allow them in with no masks, since it is a health condition.  Many mention HIPAA, which has absolutely nothing to do with a private business keeping someone out.  But with a crowd that doesn't understand science, it's hard to expect them to understand the subtlety of medical record keeping.
Aren't public figures an exception to that rule?
Trolls gotta troll. Probably saw their own shadow and went back under their bridge.
Meh...Maybe - if the Corona was black and driving in a white neighborhood...
Why would anyone vote for someone who can't even say what he wants to focus on in his second term? Also someone who has broken countless laws?
I have, so has someone else
Wait, why are you guys keeping this private? He's a public official engaged in misconduct.
Either way, wear a fucking mask. No one has health effects from wearing a mask, I work in a hospital and I’ve been wearing a mask for 10 hours a day five days a week for four goddamn months. Only person who would have an issue wearing a mask is someone with anxiety problem coupled with claustrophobia or a phobia of suffocation or drowning… And those people should stay the fuck home until the pandemic is over and have the groceries delivered.
That's s slippery slope to mob justice. Next thing you know you'll be publicly stoning people for posting on r/TheHotSpot
last count you: -82, me: -1; go fuck your donkey you fucking Trumpcuck asshole
You couldn’t afford the rent to live in my garage
I think anything close to doxxing would get removed by mods straight away. Not looking to protect the sheriff or deputy or whoever — fire this dumb dumb
I absolutely disagree. The point is to keep people accountable for their words and actions. I believe in the 1st amendment, and will never cast a stone. But its important to have consequences for racist or violent action especially during a protest where the police will not intervene.  Marshall law is not in effect.
Wait, r/TheHotSpot’s public stoning doesn’t mean getting stoned in public?
Public actions deserve public accountability.
Your mom's garage. Just because you live in the basement doesn't mean you own the place.
How does one even end up with negative karma on reddit
You have a garage on your trailer?
/r/whoosh
But it's not close to doxxing. Public officials are public. Their actions affect the community. We're not putting up their address and their kids' schedule. Public officials making public statements on social media is literally public information. Call the motherfuckers out, that's how we hold them accountable. If the mods were to fucking ban people for calling out a public official?? That'd be ridiculous
Isn't a sheriff, by definition, a public figure? He is an elected government official in a position of authority. No different than a governor or President.
My man!
Here's a sneak peek of /r/thehotspot using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/thehotspot/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!  \#1: [if this post gets 69 upvotes, I will make r/Asheville automatically redirect to r/TheHotSpot](https://np.reddit.com/r/thehotspot/comments/a6m1ed/if_this_post_gets_69_upvotes_i_will_make/)   \#2: [Earthfare sold to Hot Spot Inc. - Will Be Rebranded as Earf Fair](https://np.reddit.com/r/thehotspot/comments/eyea3j/earthfare_sold_to_hot_spot_inc_will_be_rebranded/)   \#3: [It's 3am all the time.](https://i.imgur.com/gUeYWhl.jpg) | [10 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/thehotspot/comments/e3v289/its_3am_all_the_time/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
cuck
On purpose, they are obstinate in every thread on this sub.
Non conformity in a conformist board...  /Asheville is heavy with people who go out of their way to downvote anyone they do not agree with.  \-44 points... quite a tally - are that many people so dedicated?  Yes, they are, and persistent... and its the same story - anyone off narrative gets a downvote, occasionally they downvote people who don't offer the "Correct" type of support... quite amazing to see - cultish.
You’re not wrong, just based off of OP’s other comments it seemed best to ask for a PM. If you find out before me by all means post it here
Nah I just downvote comments I think are stupid because *that's what the system is for*
go fuck yourself
It's not really non conformity. Dude is just a dick

NC judge denies bar owners’ request to reopen in Phase Two of COVID-19 rules

"The state argued that people drinking alcohol may lose their interest in social distancing and may shout or sing in a loud environment, making the spread of the coronavirus more likely."  This would make sense if you couldn't already drink alcohol in a restaurant, brewery, hotel, winery, distillery, or cidery.
Good  Edit: Look, [Florida opened back up too soon ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/jackbrewster/2020/06/26/florida-shatters-record-for-new-coronavirus-cases-orders-bars-to-close/amp/) and now they are trying to backtrack. We need to do everything we can to batten down the hatches before this explodes here.
Lifelong Democrat here who will be voting against Governor Cooper this fall because he has decided to pick winners and losers so that he can have a talking point. Apparently The North Carolina Craft Brewers Alliance has deeper pockets than The North Carolina Bar & Tavern Association. At least Dan Forrest is blatantly corrupt.
Tyranny.
People need to wake up. This is the scam of the century. Fear does not prevent death, it prevents life. Go live, and ignore this propaganda.
Agree. Just walked by Westville Pub and that parking lot area behind the bar was a complete shit show.
But...breweries,cideries, taprooms, restaurants are all open serving alcohol.
> At least Dan Forrest is blatantly corrupt.  There's no way I could ever bring myself to vote for a guy who said that Planned Parenthood was founded to "destroy the entire black race" and who says that transgenderism is a "feeling" that sometimes lasts for only a day as an excuse for men to sneak into women's bathrooms to commit rape. He also said that diversity is a threat to America and defends voter suppression laws.  If they're both corrupt I'll take the one who's corrupt but isn't living in the Dark Ages.
I feel ya, Im a conservative that voted for cooper, because McCrory was such a piece of shit, and now i feel like ive just traded one for another.
Almost 130,000 dead Americans in less than four months. Quite a scam.
Long term or permanent lung damage/liver damage prevents life as well.   It will be a year or two before a vaccine is available and everyone vaccinated. Until then, taking precautions and limiting exposure makes sense.   It's not forever.
Just out of curiosity, where do you obtain your information?
Go back to playing wow ya dumb twat
I don't doubt that. What's frustrating is that this state specifically seems to be trying to drive bars out of business.  They allowed all of the bar owners' competitors to open while forcing bars to remain closed. The also never even gave them an option to pivot into pickup or delivery like other states did by loosening their take-away liquor laws.   If the state is arguing that bars should remain closed because people will get drunk then they should also make breweries, cideries, wineries, and distilleries close as well. They should probably also make it illegal to go to a restaurant to drink alcohol.
50%? Try 75-80%
as long as me or the people i know don't die or get really sick it's all good
I get that. It's not fair. I would shut everything down again. I just can't imagine going anywhere non-essential right now and putting the people who work there at risk.
Half a piece of shit smells a lot better than a whole bowl of diarrhea. The parties and these two individual governors are NOT equivalent.
Must be the long con
There's probably not going to be an effective vaccine. Only small pox and polio have ever been eradicated by vaccines. Even our seasonal flu vaccine only works for that season. ☹️
They're not *actively trying* to drive bars out of business -- they're just continuing to apply the same illogical practices that bars and restaurants have been trying to end for years, which have always put undue strain on businesses.    The state's legal distinction between bars and restaurants is based on a completely arbitrary percentage of food sales relative to alcohol sales.  Even before COVID, it created ridiculous loopholes in the spirit and the letter of the law, inspired frequent disagreement between ALE and ABC over interpretation of the law, and created situations where bartenders were unduly legally responsible for maintaining public safety.  Similar to what we see with the entrenched bureaucracy of police unions, ALE and ABC are bloated and unresponsive to the needs of the public and agents' self-interest makes them loathe to allow changes to legislation that would minimize their role.     I feel like COVID is just exposing to public view the state's general inability to legislate coherently in the interest of the public good, and its inability to enforce its existing laws equitably or reasonably.
This. I was arguing for togo cocktails and people were saying that would cause drunk driving. Like, people are going to drunk drive as long as there's not adequate public transport.  Im not advocating for drive through daiquiri stands like New Orleans.... but i also wouldn't be mad about those either.
I 100% agree. North Carolina has the most annoying liquor laws of any state I have ever lived in, aand this pandemic has only made that more clear.
How many people were protesting downtown?  Social distancing is dead.

sharing this post as it's relevant to asheville and tourism - - - - - - WTF! Florida: 8.8K new COVID-19 infected on 6/25; 9.6K new COVID-19 infected on 6/26

Is it relevant because we're fucked?
Dates are all over the place. But still, interesting.

NC, Cooper's face covering law for COVID-19 relies on business owners

It sucks that business owners have to deal with this, I wonder if just clearly indicating on the door that if you are not wearing a mask, you will not be checked out at the register (like, "No shirt, no shoes, no service"), would be enough to deter people?  The State should not be putting civilians in a position where they have to physically engage with people to keep them out, especially if they are not wearing masks.
Weaverville report: publix 100% compliant patrons and staff at 12:45 this afternoon
If y’all don’t want to wear a mask, c’mon down to Ingles! They will never make you wear one. They have back up employees to fill in for the ones who will eventually get sick or die. And they really take care of their employees by giving them a $50 bonus for the last 2 months working directly with the public.   Don’t be scared to bear your face and scream at their employees either. Your dollar means so much to Ingles!
I went to the Weaverville Publix yesterday and they have a sign out front that says "masks on, please." The older lady who gave me my shopping cart thanked me for wearing my mask, but I couldn't help think that it's really unfair to make this woman the only line of defense for enforcing this.   I understand larger chains probably have their hands tied when it comes to denying someone service, but I really feel for some of the employees who are helpless to stop these selfish assholes.
If you think the Asheville area is bad, my gf works @ a bakery in Flat Rock (the other side of Hendersonville), and people are continuously coming in without masks, even with about 3-4 signs on the door, walkway, etc.      I'd say about 40% of people are wearing masks, even with the mandate now. Been wearing mine for 2 months and definitely not changing that protocol anytime soon.
Lol.  Darryl Trumper.  Is that a made up dude?  Hilarious either way.  In any event, it is up to businesses to be responsible and refuse entry to non-maskers.  Big chains might have their hands tied by corporate suits telling them what to do from afar but local business owners have every right to tell someone to go pound sand.
Does it matter that deaths have plummeted even as cases have increased dramatically?   [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid\_weekly/index.htm](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm)   Does it matter that this obviously indicates this virus has infected the most vulnerable and already run its course?  Perhaps it is not quite as deadly as it was indicated... does it matter that MILLIONS of people have had this and had less issues than they would if they got the flu...???  Only a small portion have major problems... the initial hysteria has proven to be completely unwarranted.  Do any of you care?  Or do you want to drag this nonsense on indefinitely?  Will any of you ever accept that we do not need to live in fear?
I went into a vape/tobacco store today. The 3 employees were not wearing masks. The 2 other customers were not wearing masks. (Not in Asheville, but east and a very red county). Yeah, I will not visit that shop again.  ARRRGGGHHH. I'd pull my hair out if I had any. WTF people? Mask it or casket!
lol, Masks are SOOOOO effective in stopping Corona and it's SOOOO important that everyone wear masks that we can just "say" it's mandatory and let businesses choose for themselves. Because it's so important after all. And hey, you could like TOTALLY spread Corona and not even know it, right? That's why ViceRoy Cooper made it mandatory/non-mandatory according to the business. It's that important. Well except for kids 11 and under. Apparently Corona knows how old you are and will leave you alone if you're 11 years old or younger. You can't spread Corona if you're 11 or younger apparently.  rofl, What a joke!
How unfortunate it is to be back amongst the fearful and miserable people here.... Just got back from a marvelous weekend at the beach in SC and it was absolutely splendid to be amongst a free and noble people who aren’t bending over and letting goverment have its way with them....The bars and restaurants were flourishing and there wasn’t a mask insight... It was truly a joyful occasion everywhere I went, it was almost as if people had a extra pip in their step and their demeanor was that of a carefree nature with a zest for life...  Now here I am back with all you mask wearing ninny’s... First store I visited back here this afternoon had someone offering masks at the front door who noticed I wasn’t wearing a mask, who asked “Hey sir would you like a mask?” I simply replied “I have a medical condition” that was the end of the conversation and he politely ushered me through the front door to go about my way into this business unhindered... Also needed to pick up a few things from the grocery store and nobody even bothered to give me any lip....  I won’t name these places I’ve visited because of all the snitches here who are just waiting to snitch on somebody like the little stasi your being groomed into.... If anyone has any questions if saying *i have a medical condition* works so you don’t have to wear a mask, than I can tell you 100% from the 5 businesses I’ve been in it has worked flawlessly every time, even when they have someone at the door giving away free masks!
They can. They are not required to allow entry to anyone, even those who legitimately cannot wear a mask for medical reasons (or those who are pretending to be). For those individuals (legit or not) they may offer "reasonable accommodations" (a disposable face shield for entry, pick-up service, an instacart like shopper option, home delivery, whatever services they have available). If you refuse those options, welp. You can leave and take your business elsewhere, or you can be cited for trespassing.   Sadly, this does not deter flagrant assholes who feel it's their life's mission to live their flaming asshole best lives by harassing, assaulting and abusing others in the name of "freedom" instead of just taking an option that gets them the groceries they need without having to wear a mask. Because that's the 'Muriken Way.
Its not, first hand experience. People get mad when you ask them to put on a mask too. I've been hit because of it.
There’s an added problem when workers themselves don’t comply. The Ace Hardware near me, hardly anyone wears a mask. Even the grocery store I work part-time at has an employee who is anti-mask (although I haven’t worked with her since it’s recently been more mandatory). I’ll be reporting businesses where I see this, but they’re still going to exist.
Virtually no one will face (truly sorry about the pun) charges related to this unless they are daring the government to arrest them.  Also, I'm not a legal counsel, but in my opinion you absolutely should not attempt force people to wear the masks if you fear it is dangerous to do so. In the incredibly unlikely situation that you as a business owner receive a fine for customers not wearing a mask, you'll likely only have to prove to a judge that you made a reasonable effort to follow the order.  Seriously, it'll never happen unless you're spoiling for a fight with authorities. Just be a responsible member of society, remind people that the state of NC requires masks, and if they disagree strongly, let it go.  The point is to slow the spread as much as possible, and as someone who interacts with hundreds of customers a day I can tell you firsthand this order has greatly increased mask wearing. That's all it was meant to do.
I totally agree.
Can confirm.
That is the damn truth.  I feel like we need a go fund me for ingles workers for their healthcare
Also I’m so sorry and fuck that place.
Yea I was at Sam's club yesterday and 25% percent of the people there didn't have masks on, but no signs were in place and the older gentleman at the door shouldn't have to be the one to enforce it. I feel like there should be some sort of law enforcement to help with the mandate
Which is probably the case the further out you get from any metropolitan area in any part of the country. I just don't get it - it's such a small sacrifice.
Lots of Trump-sucking Branch Covidians in Henderson. Not surprised.
Jesus smh.
>Lol.  Darryl Trumper.  Is that a made up dude?  Hilarious either way. > Fun fact:   The Republican National Committee Chairpersons first name is Ronna
NC Sherriffs Association sent out an email about this. This is their summary as copied from the email:   “There is no law in North Carolina that specifically prohibits a person with a valid concealed handgun permit from lawfully carrying their handgun concealed while wearing a mask.”
Thats easy... just shoot the virus.
Pick the mask, you moron  Edit: not you, per se... The person with this dilemma
With the amount of nonsense you spew, why don’t you just give yourself the virus, let it take its course, if it kills you, all the best for the rest of us, and if not just shut the fuck up.
Where did you get your medical degree?
Or, yanno. It could just be all the fucking evidence.     [https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1274036544387477504.html](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1274036544387477504.html)
I wonder how much shitposting on other subs you have to do to counter the downvotes from here.
It is a joke.  Just like all these twerps on here.
Probably nobody wants to assume the choking/suffocation hazard of a little kid with a mask on.
You should move to the magical kingdom of SC.
Honestly this establishes a new low for you, bravo. Visiting another hotspot while taking no precautions, then coming back and going to *five* stores, lying about a bullshit condition all so that you can potentially infect hundreds of us. Congratulations?
Is your medical condition being a snowflake who doesn’t care about other people?
No one give a shit that you went to myrtle beach.
When you check into the hospital please post your real name so that when you pass we can honor your memory by pouring some milk on the ground.
I'm not flaming you or attacking you like everyone else on here normally does, but if I could get some sort of reference or direct link to some sources about how wearing masks are ineffective at reducing spread, that would  be helpful. I genuinely want to see where you're coming from, and would like to look deeper into it.
Why are you refusing to live in fear? Don’t you know wearing a mask will help defeat Trump, end racism, and creat a cultural Marxist utopia just like chaz in Seattle?
Well, supposedly they have asthma (cough cough)  Ps I know two individuals with asthma over 60 and they wouldn’t dream of going to a grocery without a mask because they have empathy
Gross.  I wish you could spit on that person
I just heard Benjamin Franklin facepalm.
Ace on Merrimon has been 100% compliant from day one
All of this is true, but I’m going to take photos of these fuckers, if they choose to attack that’s on them
Thats what I said to my friend with the dilemma as well. I was hoping for something a bit more insightful.   Might be hard for me to judge because I'm trained in hand to hand combat, they aren't. Maybe she needs to carry to feel safe around ppl she doesn't know cuz she's pretty?
Hold on here. We don’t take evidence into account in this country!
Science all bad  - guy on the internet
Calm down Nancy your going to get all worked up into a hissyfit and give yourself a panic attack...
Lol so funny, so original.... Why do you keep bringing up snowflake as a derogatory term? I mean it was funny 5 flipping years ago making fun of sjw’s... sadly most people like yourself are uncapable of an original thought and have to rely on someone else to create the idea for you... just like your user name, you had to rely on parks and rec to give you inspiration for the caricature you wish to aspire to be
Sorry you uncultured swine, myrtle beach isn’t the place I spend my time or money....
The only masks that prevent spread are true n95 masks, even those are only effective for 8 hours of use... It’s a joke to believe a cloth mask is somehow protecting you or the people around you. If you see how people are using these things in the real world they’re not following the guidelines anyway. You see people fidgeting with their masks touching their faces way more than they would normally be, they are always pulling the mask down because they can’t breathe as well so if they have the virus all over their hands they are essentially loading up the cloth which is a humid environment that cover their mouth and nose... Your never supposed to touch the mask only the loops that go around your ears....  It’s a placebo to give you a false sense of security... There is numerous articles and Dr’s explaining how ineffective these cloth masks are and how it puts you at much greater risk since your always fiddling with your face
Ahh yes wearing the face shield of submission and servitude will solve all of our societal problems... I suppose I’m just a short sighted mouth breather who rejects science and facts.... Orange man bad
Beyotches, ***I*** have asthma. And my husband has COPD. We manage to function in our masks just fine (although we do our best to stick to areas and situations where we \*have\* to wear them, when we can, just for comfort's sake). And he works in maintenance and repair field, so as often as not he wears them while doing manual labor on top of wandering the back aisles of Ingles hunting the illusive sale toilet paper.   If we can suck it up, they can suck it up.
I can verify this by shopping there. They also have call in orders and pick up in parking lot.
That’s amazing. I guess being outside the city limits is the key then... I haven’t seen more than 1 employee or even 25% of customers wearing a mask at ours. They’ve even gotten within a couple feet of me, maskless, when I do curbside pickup to avoid contact.
Whatever poultry lover, I’m not going to engage in a dichotomy of the of frivolity with you
The only evidence we accept is from trumps Twitter and Q. Everything else is fake news.  Obligatory  /s
Well, yes, obviously. But one can try. You never know, maybe someone not so well-tented in heavy-duty tin foil might accidentally read it and learn something.
lol now you're concerned for my health? Pretty sure nobody's ever died from a panic attack - if you cared, you'd wear a mask.
Sounds like you’ve got your nickers in a twist! I pray you don’t have a romantic partner who has to listen to your constant spewing.
I'm just following your dear leader Trump. He has used it as a derogatory term countless times. Also everyone on Fox News or anyone that has written a Breitbart column.  You didn't answer the question. What medical condition prevents you from wearing a mask?
Sure, we all know you are 100% myrtle beach mamas boy
If you cared for your own health you wouldn’t have been participating in large gathering protests with the unwashed hordes...  Mandated masks = Tyranny... Where does it stop? What’s next mandated microchips?
Keep your balsam ass in Haywood.... I’m sure the locals would love to teach you some manners....
To be honest, my butthole is backed up pretty tight, so all my shit has to come out my mouth now. And if a mask is covering my mouth, it might start squirting out my ears.
Lame
You don’t like it here, get out. How simple is that?
Look, I’m not a fan of endless government regulations on everything from drugs, building codes, guns, taxes, etc, but Your freedom ends where mine begins. The mandate is there to protect the masses from something that is deadly. I don’t think microchips are a logical next step, but mandated vaccines may be.
We're all tracked with our phones, so there reallly isn't a need for microchips.
I am a local, lol.
Real funny. I hope you inability to care for you fellow citizens doesn't kill someone you love.

Covid-19 Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with More Cases – New Update untill 27 June


1,000 lives lost in North Carolina to coronavirus

If these "protesters" really cared about lives they might actually practice social distancing -- you know, maybe by not gathering in large groups during a pandemic.  Funny how they were all calling other people who decided to leave their houses murderers only weeks ago.
One of the few things we agree on, is that our data is very poor even still.
It’s very safe to assume that there are deaths beyond those from pneumonia that are mistated.  Also, we can be reasonably assured that our total number of cases is materially understated.

Using tear gas against protesters could increase spread of coronavirus: Experts

No one gave a shit before this article, and no one will give a shit after.  The people, government, and media have unanimously decided coronavirus is over, apparently...
Sprayed with tear gas?  Remember:  Don't rub your eyes, mouth or nose.  COVID-19 is still out there.
Hi! Since this post isn't specific to Asheville, I've removed it. It would be a great addition to the megathread, though! You're welcome to post it there. Thanks for your understanding!
Perhaps if people didn't do things to deserve tear gas, then it wouldn't be a concern.

Asymptomatic spread of coronavirus is ‘very rare,’ WHO says
Shocking revelation from WHO hits home. Given that Buncombe commissioners and others have put forth resolutions/ordinances/policies based on the fear of asymptomatic transmission, is it now time for us to go back and revisit such decisions? Given that Asheville's economy is largely tourist driven, will such a revelation help get Asheville's economy going back now? https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/08/asymptomatic-coronavirus-patients-arent-spreading-new-infections-who-says.html
Tell me how you tell the difference between asymptomatic and pre-symptomatic.  Then we can talk.
Wait a week and the CDC will contradict this.
i’m going with andy slavitt: ‘irresponsible announcement.’  asymptomatic ≠ presymptomatic.  https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1270135499659923458.html
She's walked back/clarified that statement: [“I used the phrase ‘very rare’ and I think that it’s a misunderstanding to state the asymptomatic transmission globally is very rare. What I was referring to was a subset of studies. I was also referring to some data that isn’t published,” she said.](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/jun/09/who-expert-backtracks-after-saying-asymptomatic-transmission-very-rare)
Well I’ll be.... Magically now they admit this after destroying the economy, letting every Governor, County Commissioner, Mayor, and every other unelected “public health” expert with tyrannical tendencies run amok for months, and finishing it off with looting, rioting, and masses of deranged individuals create all kinds of social instability... Tedros got what China wanted and now it’s going to be impossible for them to spin this when all these protestors don’t start dropping like flies, the jig is up so they might as well admit it now....
What?
You have a typo there. You should have written "our" president.   Plus, you've got it backwards. We've been saying stuff like this all along. You didn't believe us or listen to us. But you lefties like the WHO and news outlets like CNBC. This was posted for your benefit. Maybe you'll listen to someone you like. Maybe the truth will finally get through to you.
lol, Yeah I saw that. That's the WHO for ya. "it's very rare, but I don't mean that it's very rare". Like, what?!?!
Yeah it's gratifying when that other shoe drops likes this. It was obvious certain political people were using this for their own purposes (cough, cough, cooper, cough). Hopefully this news will help and we can get back to a sense of normalcy, get these ridiculous mask ordinances revoked, and get our area opened back up for business.
Idk any lefties who get their news via mainstraem sources. Democrats sure, leftists? Never  I don't trust the WHO any more than the rest of em. They're all politicized and they all lie, we know that bc we watched it, but I definitely hope they're being real about this
Maybe they’re from a different country. Reddit is international
Oh really, you’ve been saying this all along? And what was the basis for your saying that? Had you done a lot of research? You have, after all, given yourself a PhD.
Actually no fuck China for their Confucius Institutes, the Chinese laugh at America and how we’re so easily divided with racial issues... It’s one of our biggest weaknesses and they exploit it fully to their advantage  Perhaps you should read about Confucius Institutes since there’s one just down the road in Charlotte helping indoctrate the exact same useful idiots you see out there in the streets https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2018/01/16/how-china-infiltrated-us-classrooms-216327
I see the North Carolina education system failed another one! It’s ok. Science is hard. Excuse us for listening to the medical professionals over you. The mask ordinance has been proven to be successful, as has social distancing.   You people are scared of literally everything that’s outside your little white redneck bubble, and there’s a pandemic and you don’t even have the common sense to support the most basic measures to control it. Such morons.
I completely agree, Cooper is a terrible Governor who only won in 2016 with less than 5000 votes.
True, I wouldn't expect someone from another country to be on the Asheville subreddit though.
Actually it's both. A win-win.
I'm sure you thought that you were putting forth a good effort, but I didn't even write that article. Thanks for playing.
So you're saying public education is a failure? ;)   Some people need to wear a mask given the health situation they're in. Other people wear a mask to virtue signal. Yet others wear a mask because they've been fear mongered into being scared. Most of us realize we don't need it and that it's not nearly as effective as it's made out. But hey, feel free to continue with your hatred and bigotry though.
Sort of like Trump, except that he got less votes than his opponent.
I don’t see how he’s terrible. He rightfully shut down North Carolina based on evidence and advice coming from scientists and the White House’s people. I admit I think he’s being a little too slow on opening up. But he’s still a much better option that mccrory and dan forest, who was a supporter of HB2s dumbass bill
I know several. A friend from Sweden lived here for a year and lives it. Currently still subscribed
Yes. In North Carolina it clearly isn’t working.   No hatred or bigotry just sick of hearing uneducated republicans following a horrible leader, blindly, based on no fact.   I’m not sure why you think masks aren’t effective when all scientists say they are. But yea, I’m sure you no better.
lol, You ever went through hazmat training for chemical and biological weapons? I have. The reason the masks aren't as effective as people think they are is because they don't know and/or understand the proper procedures for using PPE. But I'm sure your "scientists" explained the proper use when they convinced you a mask was worth it.
Love that you put scientist in quotation marks. Totally made my point.   Congrats on your “hazmat training”. Somehow that’s also not shocking.   Have a nice night.
Wow, you were in the military, talk about virtue signaling. And you said it yourself, masks aren’t AS effective if you don’t you proper donning and doffing technique, that doesn’t mean they don’t help. Is your knowledge of epidemiology and the biology of infectious disease also self taught? I think you should’ve gotten a better teacher.
Also, it brings me great joy to tell you that I am a scientist so I can tell you, on behalf of all of us, go fuck yourself!
Where did that come from? That's not even a good red herring.
Oh I believe you. All "scientists" talk exactly like that. Profanity, immaturity, and all. Oh..............wait.
Where did what come from?
What exactly do you mean when you put the word scientists in quotations? Do you doubt the existence of scientists?
Didn't they teach you about red herrings in scientist school?
lol, No no, it's used as a form of sarcasm. In other words, I wasn't being serious about thinking you were actually a scientist. Apparently that went over your head.
No, I went to an actual school.
Just making sure! I would love to provide you with my credentials, just to rile you up, but the internet being the internet I’m definitely not doing that. I have been purposely antagonizing you because I think the views you espouse are disgusting, however if you’d like to talk actual science, I’d be happy to clear up what I can only surmise from your reddit post history is a very flawed understanding of virology.
To be honest I'm not overly studied in virology, but like I said, I do have sufficient training in hazmat procedures with reference to chemical and biological weapons.

Asheville, Buncombe coronavirus deaths, cases rise; nursing homes hardest hit

It’s going to be telling what happens to the numbers in a week or so and if they still go ahead with phase 2.5. It’s like most of the USA has given up and is just letting nature take their course.
I was in Office Depot today with a mask. About half the staff was wearing masks, two older gentlemen were stocking hand sanitizer, gloves, masks etc. Neither had masks on one. As I was checking out and I asked why, when they have a message on the door walking in stating you must wear a mask indoors, are those two employees not wearing one? The one employee said they should be, the other said "we have to have that sign up, but there's nothing we can do. Its unenforceable" One employee walked over to say something to the guys but they straight up told him they'd only put it on when talking to customers" Nothing you can do? Well my suggestion to him was A) you can enforce a county ordinance and B) you can lead by example  Right now there's two types of people...people who wear masks and assholes who don't:/
And, the disease goes on and on and...
And the WHO said that complacency is the worst thing to do right now with the virus continuing to spread like it is
Again, no one has the political nuts to reclose things.  Unfortunately, the time of paying attention to science and figures is behind us.  The person who yells the loudest will win the day in regards to masks, restaurants, tourists, precautions, sanitation...
Yeah, that’s the worry for sure.. even if things get worse I can’t see them stepping backwards 😐

Coronavirus NC: Stay-at-home order could be reinstated as cases surge

Everyone with a brain knew this was going to happen. Everyone knew the cases would skyrocket when things opened.  Everyone knew hospitalizations would skyrocket. Everyone knew this was exactly the situation NC would find themselves in, but they opened anyway, and now unfortunately things are going to have to shut back down because of it.
Wish citizen times didn't have article limit when the news is health based
That's not going to go over well.
Do it. Green Man/Mansion was an utter shitshow yesterday. So many out-of-state tags parked along Lexington/Church/Banks/Buxton. You would’ve thought Merlefest came to town.
How is this going to work exactly? I’m not saying that staying home didn’t help flatten the curve, but there was insufficient support for those out of work or those already struggling with depression and other concerns. I’m not convinced they got anything ready. People went along with it once. I doubt they will go as willingly again.
Where are y'all getting your info about the hospital being at capacity??
LOL. No way anyone is going to accept that again since the Governor himself thought it fine to march in a protest with thousands
Thats crazy. I thought corona wasn’t asymptomatic anymore. I guess the protests didnt draw as much attention as expected.
The number of cases matters very little since the curve that needed to be flattened was hospital capacity - stay at home was never meant to prevent any further cases. It was only meant to avoid overwhelming the hospitals.  No where in the country has our hospital capacity even come close to exceeding capacity.
It was foolish the first time, and will be catastrophic if we reimplement it.
There's tens of thousands protesting in the streets.  It's going to skyrocket next week.
I don't know what they expect. Like the situation hasn't changed any, nobody is going to be willing to watch bodies pile up from unmitigated covid. Even if you did a cost benefit analysis, it's too brutal to watch happen to family.   But people aren't just going to wait around until they become homeless either.   This is all abysmally stupid and I'm not going to act incredulous if violence breaks out all over again.
Only that's patently untrue.  NYC was definitely overwhelmed in hospitals and morgues.  NC is quickly approaching capacity right now, and trending the wrong direction quickly.  I'm not sure what your definition of "even come close" is, but we're about to hit capacity.  When people are turned away from hospitals just because you wanted to sit in the AC and eat a cheeseburger, I hope you reconsider your position.
Absolutely right. It's not going to get better anytime soon
Yes I know. I’m originally from Wilkesboro. Doesn’t take away from the fact that it was a non social distance shitshow.
This is officially a better plan than #stayathome   Did you get your panties debunched somehow? I've agreed with you for most of this week it's fucking crazy.
"the Titanic is unsinkable"
706 hospitalizations in the entire state is near capacity?  A 1,000 bed hospital ship that never saw more than 100 people at a time is near capacity?  A 2,500 bed field hospital (Javits Center) that never saw more than 250 at one time is near capacity?  A field hospital in Houston and Seattle that never saw a patient is near capacity?  Yeah, nowhere in the country is even close to exceeding capacity.  I hope if we do get to the point of hospitals being overwhelmed they turn away the people who thought it more important to yell at the sky, vandalize, loot, and riot for two weeks since they are all privledged grandma killing domestic terrorists.  Please, go back to cowering in fear in your home.
One again your on about Mr. Trump, eh?  We have had 3 weeks or lifted restrictions and have yet to see our hospitals come even near being overwhelmed. The inpatient numbers have hovered between 70-80% since they allowed elective surgery to resume.  While it’s true there have been more hospitalizations from this, and of course more cases, it appears that the court comes have been far more favorable of late. You can see the seats/day falling off from a peak on 5/25, even as total infections reported increase.
If it helps, here are actual numbers and trends in NC, not figures you pop off your head from other places.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations  Things are bad.  Things are getting worse.  Hospitals are nowhere NEAR out of the woods.
NYC resident here. Just wanted to point out why the field hospitals weren’t used. The hospitals here would not transfer anyone to the field hospitals. They felt strongly that moving patients there would be a death sentence because they would not receive as good of care as they could at the hospital. Never mind that the transport might kill them as well. So they filled every inch of space with beds - the cafeteria, atrium, break rooms, etc...  Unless you were in serious condition, like you were only a step or two away from a ventilator could you even be admitted. Everyone else had to manage at home.   I’m not sure why the rest of the country thinks what happened in NYC can’t happen in their town.
Thank you for posting the FACTS and saving me time from having to do so! These sheeple are delirious. Whatever the television tells them to think they go with it; no questions asked and no critical thinking needed. All these fear mongering NPC’s are sad. Isolating healthily people as well as having them wear masks is full-on stupidity at this point; nothing more than virtue signaling. I hope Cooper does pull some more tyrannical bullshit, it’ll help solidify his sorry ass loses reelection.
Ok. So. Did you read the link you posted? There are 700 something people hospitalized with corona in nc. Click the info icon on the graph to see more about it.   The beds in use graph you are seeing is being used to mislead the public. It DOES NOT specify why these beds are being used. A hospital treats more than just corona ya know.
And your point?  We are still no where near overwhelming hospitals. Not even close.
So what you are saying is that hospital capacity, even in the hottest spot in America, never exceeded capacity.   Every video, article, and personal experience said sure it was busy but no where near "filling every square inch".  If you have a reputable source showing otherwise let me know.
Anytime anyone uses the word "sheeple" I have to laugh. I guess you're smarter than all of us. Kudos to you for being able to see through the bullshit. Most of us never take the time to think for ourselves. We wouldn't know what to do without iconoclasts like yourself to show us the error of our ways. Bless us, oh wise one. Without your teachings, we are but provender for the liberal media agenda/s
The point stands.  I don't care if the hospital is full of COVID-19 patients or people recovering from vasectomies.  We should be making every effort to reduce infections, spread, hospital visits, and ICU cases, because we are in danger of maxing out th system.
With just a quick goog, here are two stories about why the field hospitals were barely used & just how overwhelmed and crowded the hospitals were.   https://www.businessinsider.com/why-nycs-largest-emergency-hospital-javits-center-pretty-much-empty-2020-4   http://www.wbur.org/hereandnow/2020/04/13/coronavirus-nurse-new-york-overwhelmed-hospitals
I’m tired of pussy footing around. I get that insulting people won’t get them to wake up to the propaganda they’re being fed, but I’ve tried being nice and that doesn’t work either. If you think socialism is the answer to anything you’re a dumbass in desperate need of a history lesson. Same goes with a shit ton of other liberal narratives being pushed. In fact, most if not all leftist arguments breakdown under scrutiny, hence why all the social media platforms are censoring conservatives at an ever-increasing rate. I’ve been around long enough to remember when news outlets starting turning off the comments sections of their web pages because people were calling out their biases and propaganda en masse. So please, unless you’d like to have a real discussion save your schadenfreude for the commies you seem to support.
Name calling means you have no argument.  Thanks for confirming we are no where near hospital capacity
Got any reputable sources?
Sucks to be you, huh? The lone arbiter of the Truth in a stupid world of total morons who all just think kumbayah will save us. You understand the world so well. Teach me, O Wise One.
Reddit has been wrong politically about everything for at least 5 years now. If you have positive internet points on Reddit it means your opinion is popular on Reddit, but as the last 5 years have shown that means your political opinion does not line up with reality.  But if fake internet points, likes, retweets, etc. is what you think is valuable then you do you - just remember Reddit has not been right politically for the better part of a decade.
Thanks for confirming that popular political opinion on reddit is wrong.  Maybe now that you see your views do not align with reality you might reevaluate yourself - Bahahahah, who am I kidding, you have a smooth brain.  I wish you the best of luck in life with your mental handicap and hope life is not too difficult since your views and thoughts do not fit in reality.

Meat Grinder Run by Evil Lizard People Uses Coronavirus as Excuse to Raid 1 Billion Dollars from US Taxpayers

Privatize the hospital they said.  It will save you money they said.
found Jello Biafra
These are the headlines I have always wanted in r/asheville. Headlines should be the thoughts that used to get shouted at you by the people wearing capes and chugging acid sitting around pack square. Sadly that aspect of Asheville has faded as yuppie culture has taken over.
Gosh, I only get the best news on reddiit!
Found the looters
This is a fark.com worthy title
This title would make a great band name
I think this is the long awaited follow up album by the surviving members of the Meat Shits
Now that's how you get people to click on your links.
All the better to pay their unionized nurses with!
He's still going with those band names I see!
Ah yes, the golden years of Asheville; full of wizards and all types of psychonauts. I remember buying mushrooms from a hippie named Zoltar and ending up seeing aliens that night. This was back in 95 when Asheville still had a pulse. Ahhh, yeah, those were some good times.
If a dude named Zoltar sells me mushrooms, I'm taking half of his suggested dose
Still had a pulse...  Indeed.  The zombie apocalypse is upon us... "Hi.. I'm dull... I'm normal... Here, look at memes - hah hah... push the like button on my forehead now... I'm scared... I only talk to people I am friends with on FB... I'm anxious... video games, yes, video games... and I liked that activist page, I shouted with the crowd last week - I'm an activist! see the pics I took!!.. more netflix... more trends to follow... I must consume... I must Obey... Do you know how virtuous I am - I'll tell you all about it right after I tell you how my brain doesn't work right... look at memes... I like movies... what do I have to say to make sure people like me?"  I miss the cool people... I really do.

Coronavirus Cases in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with more Cases - From 1 March to 16 June

Hi! Although this is important information, since it's not specific to Asheville, I've removed it for now. You're welcome to repost it as a text post with discussion questions or post it in the free talk thread [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/h9ickw/free_talk_thread_unseasonably_cold_edition/). Thanks!

North Carolina sets another one-day high in reported coronavirus hospitalizations

😔
I'm guessing the smirks and odd looks I get wearing a respirator while shopping is related to this.
Interesting interpretation.   Given we know that our data still has a massive amount of selection bias, that fatality rate is without question overstated.
Thanks for taking into account where most of these deaths are occurring in nursing homes (yes I really feel bad for them) which Buncombe County had neglected to do more testing in until a damn week ago, Good job Mullendore for protecting the most vulnerable...... Also you fail to admit how people in nursing homes have 1 foot in the grave and the other foot on a banana peel
Why do you delete your comments? Your a person who deletes your comments in threads where your proven to be wrong? There’s something strange about you.... it’s almost as if you’re a political operative...
Which one?  The term "fatality rate" can mean several things.  The county and national numbers are the case fatality rates, which is how many of the actually diagnosed people die, and for sure you are correct that it overestimates how likely you are to die of COVID since so many people go undiagnosed and are fine.  But the last number given of 1-1.5% is what we really need, that's the current suspected infection fatality rate.  (Apologies, by the way, if this is all old news to you, but I've found there is a lot of confusion on this distinction.)  That's how many people who get COVID die, including all the people who never got diagnosed because they had few or no symptoms.  That number we can't know exactly without testing everyone.  But as we get more data and testing, the 1-1.5% range looks increasingly legit.  If you look at global data and take the countries that had 1) at least 500 cases, and 2) tested at least 15% of their population, the fatality rate is 1.3%.    You can also, if you're suspicious of the numbers, look at excess mortality rates.  That's simply how many people usually die in a given time period vs how many have actually died this year, and that cannot be faked by anything other than actually hiding or manufacturing corpses.  They show a noticeable spike, way above normal flu season, in places that had a lot of COVID cases.  To be clear, I am not trying to attach any value judgement to this.  I'm actually in favor of reopening most things, but I also really like data and don't think people should be making decisions based on some hopeful conjecture that this this is barely worse than the flu.
The data is fucked by design  If our government was honest with us there would be panic for those over 65 and everyone else saying fuck it.
lol you've definitely deleted some comments in your time
So your confirming my statement that over 50% of deaths are from nursing homes... “A large population of people in nursing homes who are completely healthy”.... yeah you have no idea what you’re talking about. People go to nursing homes to help them learn to live with their new condition that without nurses teaching them how to live would die.... Don’t try to correlate demensia patients with people who have underlying conditions who are so close to the edge of death that they have to have medical professionals on standby 24/7.....  If you’ve ever visited a nursing home you could plainly see the people living there aren’t “physically healthy” otherwise they would live at home..... Your narrative of all these physically healthy people are the biggest population of nursing homes is absurd  Edit: It has nothing to do with assisted living, those aren’t nursing homes... See your already deflecting to things that seem similar to people that don’t know any better but are really like apples and oranges, assisted living is completely different than a nursing home... So you say assisted living as having decades more to live when your conflating nursing homes with assisted living
More than.
>Also you fail to admit how people in nursing homes have 1 foot in the grave and the other foot on a banana peel  Right... I can't believe these nursing homes somehow got this infected.  Either this was purposefully done or the numbers are being fudged to reinforce the narrative.  How many would have died anyway - what is really going on here?  The quarintine should have been 10x in nursing homes... but around the country its the same story... is nobody else suspicious of this???  If not, the populace is well prepared - so be it.
There's no need for conspiracy theories.  First off, you can't have a "10X" quarantine. Nursing homes have significant staff members, from nurses and admins to lower-skilled cook's, CNAs, and cleaners. It would be unrealistic to try to completely isolate all of those people from their families and society. Given how easily this disease spreads, it's also unrealistic to expect that you could contain it within a nursing home. I'm sure they're doing the best they can, but it can't even be contained within hospitals that were BUILT to avoid spreading diseases.  The ventilation systems, kitchens, etc were not designed to keep an airborne pathogen like covid-19 from spreading from room to room.   Secondly, I agree with the basic premise that the elderly in nursing homes are, on the whole, less healthy than the general population of elderly. Almost no one goes to a nursing home because they want to. It's because they have to, for one reason or another. Usually because they require more care and are not independent. so yes, they are already quite vulnerable. When flu sweeps through a nursing home on a normal year, it'll take out far more elderly than it does in the general population.  Thirdly, just because they're receiving medical care doesn't mean that they're in good health. For example, low vitamin D is now being correlated with severe COVID (multiple studies show this). I highly doubt that most of these people are supplementing vitamin D. They're inside all the time, in a nursing home. So they have MULTIPLE risk factors. Age, pre-existing conditions, most likely vitamin D and other immune deficiencies, living in close quarters with other infected people. It's PERFECTLY LOGICAL that we're seeing high death rates in this population. And sadly, I don't see how it could realistically be prevented.
"And sadly, I don't see how it could realistically be prevented."  I think there is absolutely no excuse to let this virus gain access to the most vulnerable amongst us - zero.  I do hope there are serious investigations into each case and each facility takes much *much* greater care into the future - as well as people reconsider how we treat our elderly in general  Also I hope this reminds me how important it is to stay generally healthy... not only for your own benefit - but for the benefit of others.

Coronavirus NC: Buncombe has not yet hit COVID-19 peak, officials say

No surprise here. OTOH, I went to Harris-Teeter on Merrimon this morning and there was only one person not wearing a mask, so at least some people are still taking it seriously,.
Of course we haven't.
Anyone looking at a graph can tell that.
The term “peak” has been thrown around every month with a different month as “the peak”.  These officials are clowns.
Two weeks, two weeks.
I went there last night and the guy working the deli wasn’t wearing one. Neither was the person he was talking with. Most people were though.
You do realize the government entities you are critizing are run by democrats right?  Asheville mayor, city council, local state senators, local state rep, and governor.  All of them are democrats. So thats fine if you want to criticise the government because they should be. But realize its the democrats that are fucking everything up.
Big yikes on those deli employees.
Why are you trying to pick a fight? This is not a partisan issue, don’t make it out to be one.
You can be critical of both Democrats and Republicans.  The American government as a whole has bungled their response to the Coronavirus.
Stop treating politics like a football game, thank you.
How's that federal leadership going for you?  I don't GAF who is in power, they are FAILING us on all levels.
Fight? Partisan?  The leaders from the mayor to the governor are democrats. There is no partisan issue. This is a democrat issue and they have failed throughout this "pandemic" on ever level of every matter.  They have failed when thousands looted, burned, amd rioted.  They have failed to maintain law and order.  There is no partisan issue to be found - only the failures of democrats.  Time to vote them out at all levels of government.
The American people have bungled the response to Coronavirus. It's the live free or die mentality. There's nothing really the politicians could do. New York only turned the corner because the situation got so dire it forced the populous to take it seriously and the same thing will have to happen across the country.
Wrong. The democrats as late as March were still telling people to "go to chinatown" and that the travel ban was rAcIsT.  Www.promiseskept.com  The states bungled the response and CONTINUE to bungle the response. The states that are bungling the response are all democrat controlled.  Red states are doing just fine. Ypu do not even have to go very far to see it - South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee are all doing great.  Red counties in NC are doing just fine too. Its only blue counties and states that continue to struggle.
Great actually. The federal government has done a phenomenal job.  They got hospital ships sent out, multiple field hospitals across the country, sent military doctors and other medical staff to assist local hospitals, instituted a travel ban very early on even in the face of criticism, supplied states with tens of thousands of ventillators, millions of masks and gloves and other PPE, guaranteed citizens that the Federal Government would cover the cost of treatmeny for COVID, supplied the largest stimulis in history in record time, added additional funding to states unemployment funds and additional funds for citizens on top of states unemployment benefits.  Thats just some of the work the federal governmeng has done.  All while many states have done nothing to help their citizens.
Please offer a link for your absurd claims
"Go to Chinatown"?  What does that even mean?

Cooper requires masks, keeps NC in Phase Two in effort to slow coronavirus spread

Back to masks pretty much all the time everywhere--and this time they mean it.
I've yet to see masks enforced....  Unfortunately I had to run into Walmart yesterday evening, and despite three large signs in front saying masks were required by state law, only maybe 60% of people inside were wearing them..
I thoroughly support this decision. Too much is at risk daily. Unfortunately, this only goes so far as it doesn’t mean Asheville or surrounding cities will ENFORCE it though. Get ready for a back lash, all for asking people to be more empathetic and care for their fellow citizens...
Now. Please have ways to enforce.
Never quit wearing them in public.  Sigh.  Like I wear seatbelts in my car, helmets and gloves and ATTGATT when I ride, and now to live, a mask in public.  Safety allows me to play more.
Maybe I missed it, but I don't see a link to the official order in this article.   Lots of questions can be answered by reading it.   [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PD5b7SLTbT8PnrX1Or4fSPvsJvNRCUgL/view](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PD5b7SLTbT8PnrX1Or4fSPvsJvNRCUgL/view)
Just a little more broken everyday, we truly might be witnessing the end to the personal freedoms we have taken for granted over the last decade.
They were never mandated before, were they?
Nobody wants to be bothered with the confrontation required to "enforce" the "law"... some may become hostile, it may create more problems... and this should put into perspective the task of law enforcement - imagine having to deal with drunk drivers who will not go peacefully... can't just sit and be quiet while someone in a drunken stupor rams the family van head on, but the security guard/workers at walmart most certainly can and will because they don't want problems, they just want a paycheck.  And you'd have to be pretty naive to think that some of those people not wearing masks were not doing so specifically to invite confrontation...  In fact I am 100% certain video evidence exists of such confrontations, and 100% certain that many management teams have decided to avoid those confrontations...  We also have the "personal liberty" situation in this country... whereby, for the sake of preserving freedom and justice for all, we have to accept that some people will say and do things that we do not agree with.  Let them have their "voice" as allowing for such freedom is fundamentally what creates the environment for the freedoms you enjoy.
*forcing  Who the fuck is asking?
The first way to enforce it is by having businesses deny entry without them. Don’t want to wear a mask, don’t go into public, it’s actually not a hard concept. I work at a pretty large business that requires masks to enter. We greet them at the door and explain the procedures we have in place and offer a mask if they don’t have one. The vast majority of people have zero issue and move about their day with no problems.
Simple.  No mask, no entry.
From what I just heard him say, the responsibility will fall to the businesses to require all customers and employees to be masked. They are supposed to refuse entry if not (and possibly receive a citation if they allow entry?). If the person refuses to leave the police will then enforce trespassing laws and the business will not be held accountable. Definitely need some clarification, that’s just what I recall him saying.  Edit- found the [FAQ’s to Executive Order here](https://files.nc.gov/governor/documents/files/EO-147-FAQ.pdf)
Make sure we defund the police so there isn't anyone to enforce it.
Cant. People wanted the police defunded now they cant do their jobs of enforcing laws becaise if they do they'll be rAcIsT.
Please expand on these “personal freedoms” you speak of that are ending?
Agreed. I’m not a afraid of a weak virus, I’m afraid for our future. Things are getting out of hand.
There was a Buncombe county ordinance but it wasn’t really enforceable. No statewide mandate until now, just a strong recommendation.
Anyone who listens to science has a shred of compassion for any one except themselves. How power hungry do you have to be that you can’t see masks are for the safety and well-being of others, and not the government taking away your rights? We forfeit some rights for certain freedoms, and now because we didn’t handle this correctly we have to change what we do. Why is this so hard for people to understand?
I think the way to do this is to somehow FINE businesses for non-compliance of their customers. That’s the only thing they’ll listen to.
That's my rule in my business.  But definitely not at Ingles.
Because that's how that works.  You get a D- in "comprehension."
Not defund, demilitarize.
You miss the point of defunding.
Maybe we just want to get rid of the APCs and repeated murders of unarmed people.
Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks for your educated perspective.
The personal freedom to unilaterally take actions that endanger the health and lives of others, duh. And just a week after the Supreme Court took away our right to violate other people’s rights because we don’t like the way they exercise their personal freedom! What’s even the point of having freedom and autonomy if I can’t make everyone else do what I want or make them live with the consequences  of my actions? ( /s obviously)
Wtf are you talking about they are asking you to wear a mask (with super lenient exceptions mind you) in public not hand over your children. I mean wearing a mask in public is about as fucking easy as it gets and the only real reason anyone has a problem with it is ego.
This might be a dumb question, but this enforceable or is it just like the county ordinance but statewide?
And even with that, some neighboring cities/towns seceded from the “recommendation”. The nerve of some people around here truly questions my faith in the local community/citizens. When empathy and compassion are viewed as weakness and anti freedom, can you blame me?
I would submit that the “science” you listen to has been ransacked by political agendas. Secondly the “science” around masks has been controversial from the beginning and still is. At first the CDC and Fauci said no need to wear masks. Then they say wear them. The WHO still says healthy people do not need to wear masks. I don’t trust any of these corrupt entities but simply making the point that it’s not so easy to just say the science tells us this or that. But it’s very easy for you to call people selfish and careless for not wearing a mask because you hold the “data” and the “science.”  What you have is a political agenda from the media and you want to force that on others who don’t believe like you because they are concerned about our rights, which are very important btw. That doesn’t sound very compassionate.  So what we are left with primarily is common sense. And if you have it you’ll see that another 3 weeks of lockdown and masks aren’t going to make any difference.
Exactly, and I don't love this analogy but didn't folks at home during WWII make sacrifices for the war effort? Was Grandma a snowflake because she gave up nylons?
Awesome yeah, perfectly crystal clear.  This is a great time to threaten businesses with heavy fines and gin up some good old-fashioned forced police interactions. It’s gonna be a hot fucking summer, regardless of the temp.   But as long as the people who need a government surrogate continue to beg for one, there will always be a big daddy there to coddle us.   Looking forward to next week!
Aldi seems to be better for Covid-19 prevention/protection.
Just wait for a cop to try and tell a black man to wear a mask, and he'll be called a racist pig who has to much power.
You’re right. Making masks mandatory isn’t a big deal. Not as big as some people want to make it. But next it will be mandatory to be injected with the COVID-19 vaccine. Okay. That’s a little more intense. But what next after that? Are you willing to give up larger freedoms because the government says it will “keep you safe.” I’m not interested in letting the government decided whether I’m “safe” or not. There’s no ego here, just common sense.
It's enforceable. But let's say "enforceable."  \- Police are not authorized to criminally enforce face-covering compliance. They can appeal to the individual and explain the facts, but they will not be fining folks.  \- Businesses that do not enforce the order will be fined. So if you're for the masks, report businesses that don't enforce it.  \- Individuals (workers or customers) who force entry without a mask or resist a business's restriction of entry will be subject to police measures.  [Here's the full, official text of the order.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PD5b7SLTbT8PnrX1Or4fSPvsJvNRCUgL/view) Enforcement begins in sec. F.
Common sense is lost on today’s person. Show me hard evidence that masks don’t matter. This virus has new info everyday, because it’s a new virus and have very little means to combat it. I’m not saying your wrong, but I WOULD argue you trying to prove me wrong. Please provide studies and data that show warring a mask isn’t beneficial to anyone.
Yeah, that’s a facile analogy.  My grandmother never wore nylons. Before or after the war. Couldn’t afford them. Didn’t have a use for them even if she could’ve.   In fact, she never had a pair of shoes that she didn’t make from the rubber of an old tire until the late 50s, when she was well into her 40s.  Nylons...  for the war effort...  🙄
Ok guy, settle down. I’m not here to change your mind OR argue with you (though it’s perceived as such), this is a public and CIVIL conversation and statements of opinions. Continuously putting “businesses” and the “economy” above all is what got us in this situation. Its still matter of “IF WE SHOULD OPEN”, not “WHEN WE SHOULD”. The gov gave us a chance to do the right thing with a “recommendation” of wearing masks and social distancing. Because we’ve proved we can’t handle that responsibility, they are taking further action. Businesses can operate as they want to, but that doesn’t mean there will not be CONSEQUENCES (meaning the gov are trying to take a stronger approach). Your 2nd statement legitimately confuses me. Replace “surrogate” with the literal definition, a substitute, and it genuinely makes no sense to me. A sub for the government? Any type of grant, stimulus or support that both businesses and local people have received would be out the window. FYI, using “us” also blankets you into the same group of people you are so desperately trying to fight and cause emotion in.
Excellent analysis. You really bring a lot to the table.
So you are a proponent of making all drugs legal, eliminating all traffic laws, allowing citizens to own any type of weapon they chose (tanks, bombs, biochemical weapons, anything), etc? If not your just choosing to ignore the obvious gray area. Clearly mandatory vaccinations are an entirely different conversation and I would be opposed to them, but there is no leverage the government is gaining by requiring citizens to wear a mask and then later citizens to get vaccinated. Whether or not masks were mandated beforehand, the outrage and resistance to mandatory vaccination would be widespread. So no I don’t think it’s common sense at all.
Thanks, that's very helpful.
Well I guess that was sort of my point. Neither of us can produce hard evidence on whether masks make a difference or not. What we do know is that not washing your hands and touching your eyes nose and mouth will spread a virus. We also know that quarantining and mask wearing lowers your immune system significantly, which is the very thing you need to fight off a virus. Are we seeing a surge in cases (if you believe the numbers) because we did wear masks and quarantine for months and then we didn’t and people were more susceptible because of a lowered immune system? Maybe. Seems logical to me. But there are so many other states and cities that all have conflicting “data.” Why are some doing better than others? Nobody knows. The “experts” are guessing. I’m worried about our future. If masks become mandatory, okay. Then Covid-19 vaccinations become mandatory. Okay. Then what? What’s next? What freedom will we forfeit then because of fear? It’s amazing what you can convince people of when they are afraid.
Ok fuckface, what about gasoline, tires, medicine, shoes?
>The gov gave us a chance to do the right thing with a “recommendation” of wearing masks and social distancing. Because we’ve proved we can’t handle that responsibility, they are taking further action.  That is outright tyranny.  The government serves the people... if people don't want to wear a uniform - the government cannot force them to do so... if people want to stand next to eachother, the government has no right whatsoever to separate them.  Perhaps the government should force everyone to practice safe sex - condoms are like masks right?  Or just don't have sex at all... like asking someone to stop going into businesses and enjoying the fruits of someone's labor in fair exchange, creating the fundamental commerce of our economy - our entire civilization depends on this and you are fully prepared to have the government define all aspects of our interaction... \*define all aspects of our interaction\*... consider the weight of that statement...  Yes we have a great crisis on our hands - but forfeiting our very right to go out and enjoy life with whoever we enjoy living with... wherever we wish to enjoy that life... Some people are \*not\* willing to forfeit that right to pursue happiness and you are going to have to accept that.  You are more than welcome to keep \*yourself\* safe - but you are not in some privileged position whereby you get to dictate the lifestyle of others, right down to \*if\* they can open \*their own business\* to whoever \*chooses\* to be there... you do not have the right to tell people to stay away from eachother, period.. you may as well tell everyone to just stay at home and live life on the internet - many already do this, so the request is easily gratified... but for many social interaction is the whole reason to exist, and they can accept the risks of interacting (there have \*always\* been risks... and you have \*already\* caught a disease/transmitted it unknowingly and by x degrees of separation are directly responsible for killing someone... you should have just stayed home instead of going to that festival... why did you have to get so close to that person at thar bar... etc etc... you wanted to live life then, what has really changed since?  Containment is impossible, you can only seek to mitigate personal risk as we approach herd immunity)  Risk is an aspect of life, you may choose to mitigate it as you so see fit... but here you simply must accept that not everyone is willing to go to the lengths you are in order to avoid illness.  What many are saying is they value the ideal of freedom moreso than they value the spectre of safety.  A decree that everyone must forfeit freedom for safety is the foundation of classical tyranny...  You may think you are "helping" people by demanding the government come in with command and control - but I'm not sure if you quite realize what you are asking for, I'm not sure if you realize whats really at stake here... though if you read this carefully, you may understand - or at least appreciate this viewpoint.  Consider this could be the case:  "Alternatively, these results may indicate the deadly COVID-19 pandemic – with mortality rates generally under 1% – is no more deadly than the seasonal influenza. If that is true, the near-global stay-at-home mandates could have been an overreaction.    Yet, at least initially, extreme caution was warranted. SARS-CoV-2 was a new virus and the world was unprepared. There were no diagnostics, no vaccines, and no therapeutics. "  [https://www.biospace.com/article/multiple-studies-suggest-covid-19-mortality-rate-may-be-lower-than-expected-/](https://www.biospace.com/article/multiple-studies-suggest-covid-19-mortality-rate-may-be-lower-than-expected-/)   This is, in large part, why people are not prepared to submit to the dictates of what they feel is an overzealous politic... this data has been out for a while, it is defining the actions of many.  Those people have not died yet, and probably will not die... and as said before, we have all passed on diseases that eventually killed someone - that is part of life on earth.  It is not my responsibility to closet myself off to protect you (perhaps I do not even feel this will help you..) - it is your responsibility to protect yourself as you respect my pursuit of happiness, I certainly respect whatever you choose to do with your life, now offer that respect to everyone - even those who you think are doing the "wrong" thing... moreover, avoid calling upon the most authoritarian potentialities of government to keep you "safe" - that sets a very dangerous precedent, one we already know does not end well:  [http://kevincraig.us/tempsec.htm](http://kevincraig.us/tempsec.htm)
You know it homie.
There is some grey area in what laws are justified and which ones aren’t, i.e. marijuana or owning your own tank or explosives. But I’m more concerned about your comment that there is no leverage the government gains by requiring masks. There 100% is leverage to be gained by requiring masks and instilling fear in citizens. It’s really not that far of a stretch for the government to try to mandate a vaccine once we have one. If everyone is so scared of this virus that we are willing to wear mandatory masks then why would a mandatory vaccine be any different? I’m glad to hear that you would oppose a mandatory vaccine but I’m confused by why you would be okay with mandatory masks. It’s a direct precursor for mandatory vaccinations.
Sure thing. It's crazy how hard the government and the media make it to get down to the pith of things. Like, give me the bullet points, then let me drill deeper as I can and have time, but don't make me dig for the things I most need to know now, right?
>Then what? What’s next? What freedom will we forfeit then because of fear? It’s amazing what you can convince people of when they are afraid.  Crux of the matter, we cannot lose sight of this...  Those fearful have lost sight and I hope they open their eyes to the rather dystopian reality they are moving to create.    This fear is pervasive - far beyond this virus, the pre-requisites to implementing the systems of control currently in place have long since been met by subjecting untold millions to hours upon hours of what is literally called "programming" each day for \*decades\*... thus the world appears as such to those who have seen more of the "world of sports" than the park down the street where they could actually play sports (to be philosophically analogous...).
Meat, sugar... having ration cards to keep tabs on yourself.   And that was also to help Britain, not just ourselves.  I am very sad for us right now.
She didn’t have a car either. She found the tires or salvaged them. I already told you she made shoes from tires so how would she sacrifice shoes? Why would she have a car?   The point is not everyone has something to sacrifice. That’s why the analogy is facile. But hey, these gym owners have a business to sacrifice and after three more weeks surely it’ll be on the altar of good virtue ready for you to cut open and let bleed out.   >fuckface  Lol, kiddo. Nice temper tantrum to go along with your complete failure to make a valid point.  I hope you enjoyed this little power trip. Telling people who can and can’t work.  Just like FDR told people who could and couldn’t leave the internment camps.   Yeah that was WWII, as well. And *that* analogy doesn’t leave anything on the table.
Just think of what a mandatory vaccination would actually entail as opposed to what is effectively a ‘recommended/slap on the wrist’ mask wearing mandate. I mean you’re asking me why it would be any different? It would be hugely different! Is the government going to drag ppl into clinics to get vaccinations? Is the government going to pay for all vaccinations? Is the government going to fine or imprison the huge percent of the population that will be unable or unwilling to get the vaccination? Is the vaccination even going to be available at a scale to vaccinate everyone in a timeframe where a mandatory vaccination law would make sense? The answer to all those questions is no. I mean is there any precedent for anything like that happening ever in the US? I can’t even imagine something like that would ever be held up in courts and it would be just unimaginably difficult to enforce.
Some quick bullet points in non-legal speak would be a big help for a lot of folks.
But my rights! I have the GOD GIVEN right to infect people with a possibly deadly disease!
So because you claim one person you know apparently wasn't effected by proven rationing in the US, that means there wasn't rationing going on in the US during WW2. Gotcha. Makes complete sense.  Power trip? What makes you think I'm on a power trip from calling you an idiot? Are you on a power trip from calling me kiddo? No, you are an idiot, but that doesn't mean you are on a power trip.  ARE YOU COMPARING THIS TO THE FUCKING INTERNMENT CAMPS? WEARING A FUCKING MASK TO HELP MITIGATE A CONTAGIOUS DISEASE IS COMPARABLE TO THE UNFAIR AND DESPICABLE INTERNMENT CAMPS?! God damn you are so unbelievably dumb. I hope that you never breed and bring more horrible stupid people like yourself into society. Society doesn't deserve it.
A mandatory vaccination wouldn’t be that complicated. It would be as simple as “you can’t travel out of the country unless you’re vaccinated.” And “you can’t enter certain places without a vaccination card.“ So yeah if you want to stay home the rest of your life I guess you wouldn’t have to get vaccinated.  And has there ever been a precedent for something like this? Yes. Polio vaccinations. so are my concerns are legitimate? Yes. Let’s just all hope they don’t try to enforce a mandatory vaccine. Or let’s stand up and fight back against political agendas that are chipping away at our freedom to make our own choices.
>I don’t care how you die or what you suffer from as long as it isn’t from this *possibly* deadly disease I’ve been *hearing* so much about.   So brave and stunning.
Most people in the US will never travel out of the country so that’s a bad example. Shoot me a reference stating that the US required polio vaccines because I can’t find one anywhere.
Sorry I meant Small Pox. You’ll find articles describing some pretty terrible scenes where men were held down and vaccinated against their will. I can’t imagine we would ever be that barbaric today but the precedent is still there. And what do you mean most people in the US will never travel out of the country? In 2019 almost 38 million people traveled abroad.  Stay safe out there friend and stay strong against corrupt governments.

