Some Good News: No new COVID-19 cases reported in Guilford County nursing homes since Friday, according to state officials

Oh that is good!

The UNCG construction site near Tate Street apparently has had 36 employees test positive for COVID-19. It seems to be a carefully guarded secret as far as UNCG and the construction company are concerned.
If you frequent the Tate Street business district, be aware that the nearby UNCG construction site apparently has had 36 employees test positive for COVID-19. The construction company so far is refusing to tell the public, but UNCG employees have been quietly informed. Construction workers come and go all day throughout the business district, so be careful (actually, be careful everywhere).Details: [https://www.yesweekly.com/coronavirus/uncg-employee-alleges-36-cases-of-covid-19-at-campus-construction-site/article\_bc0837fa-a5db-11ea-92c8-bf7989ec99ba.html](https://www.yesweekly.com/coronavirus/uncg-employee-alleges-36-cases-of-covid-19-at-campus-construction-site/article_bc0837fa-a5db-11ea-92c8-bf7989ec99ba.html)
36 people getting COVID-19 while building a hospital sounds like an article out of The Onion. Will be interesting to see what concrete facts and info come out of this in the future or if UNCG will keep trying to sweep it under the rug.     EDIT: A nursing school
All businesses are trying hard to keep their covid outbreaks on the down low. If the public knew what was happening in stores, no one would go out without a mask.
This sub is compromised
What's your source?   36 employees?  Sounds like someone is trying to scare people and make them afraid of immigrant Hispanic construction workers.  Truth be told: office workers are far more likely to be exposed to covid. Think about it.  Guys who work outdoors are the least likely to get sick enough to have to get tested.  Stop your bullshit.
It's a building for the School of Nursing, not a hospital, but your point is still relevant.
"Concrete" facts about the construction outbreak. Heh.
I have gotten 1 (one) email about fall plans. Getting increasingly agitated about it honestly
By whom?
Troll account -- created yesterday, history of only these two comments. Wanker.
The article cites a source.
You’re stupid. They showed CVOID travels on pollution particles.
Isn't that shared with Moses Cone, A&T and Guilford Tech?
By *the man*, man
What's stirring up the trolls?
You just linked shit journalism.  Re-read the article. It has no meat. Speculation.
The article is full of speculation.    In a city where covid tests are all but non existent,  I find it incredibly odd that 36 construction workers would have confirmed positive tests.  Think about this.   Healthy people show few symptoms and most people do not go to a clinic to be tested unless they are exhibiting extreme symptoms.    Extreme symptoms have mostly been limited to people over 70 or those with pre-existing health conditions such as obesity.   Construction workers are probably the least likely to be obese, diabetic, asthmatic, or confined in a small space with others for long periods of time.   I'm not saying the article is complete bullshit but it has ZERO credible sources.  *could be an angry sub contractor or fired employee lashing out. And shit journalists ran with it.   It's why crap like "Yes!" Is free.
The shared facility is on Gate City Boulevard. The building under construction is on the UNCG campus, just off Tate Street.
NC is a battleground state in this election year so we should expect Internet Research Agency style divide and conquer tactics to be ramping up and continuing throughout the pandemic, protests, and election.
Someday you'll be able to read, too, and a whole new world will open up to you.
Why post on a new alt account?
NCDHHS has reported 468,302 tests. Guilford county has 1,445 confirmed cases. Construction was one of the few industries that continued to operate during the stay-at-home order. Is it really so far-fetched to think that 36 of those 1,445 confirmed cases came from a place where large gatherings of people occurred daily?
I'm not arguing any point, but getting a covid19 test is easy these days.  I know any AFC or Fastmed urgent care can order and do them.
There is a lot of obese people on a job site and stuck in a small space with each other for a long time going on at construction sites. Sounds like you never been on one before.
Emails went out about a week ago notifying UNCG employees of a positive case on the site. 1 positive case to 36 doesn't seem unlikely. Either way, I don't see Tate St. being any less dangerous than WalMart. I assume people are sick and in the public not wearing ppe.
Is the earth flat? Should I get a flu vaccine? Is COVID-19 a Chinese conspiracy?
They’re literally testing for it...on campus.
Oh my fucking god, yeah dude, it's THE RUSSIANS/!\  Just ignore our domestic oligarchy and their vested interests. All unrest = Russia!  Plz just ignore that literally for a hundred fucking years labor and civil rights related unrest has been consistently blamed on the Kremlin!   Ugh  Edit:   >When the South has trouble with its Negroes . . . it blames “outside” agitators and “Northern interference.” When the nation has trouble with the Northern Negro, it blames the Kremlin.  > - James Baldwin  Btw this guy died *in the 80s* but lol yeah keep falling for the same shit.   You people would be spitting on MLK Jr if he were alive, literally the same "outside agitator sponsored by the Kremlin" accusations were made against him.   Why ever learn from history when you can just scream RUSSIA and pretend all our societal problems come from a spooky foreign enemy? Nothing Orwellian about that, yup.
Tool sharing, dust, dirt, getting in close for OSHA weekly safety meetings; leaning in to listen while a Jack Hammer is going off in the background, the lunch wagon. The Job site trailer where folks pour over the plans, the lifts;  confined spaces like a duct bank, vault, electrical room or elevator shaft are potential hot spots.  There are a bazillion ways to get sick on a job site.

Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?


Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?


Harris teeter has also been known for concealing coronavirus cases among their employees. I will not be shopping here anymore. 🤷‍♀️

This isn’t real  Edit: One news source (WCNC) is quoting someone(?) at HT who’s says they ...”are not authorized nor qualified to ask an individual to provide proof that they qualify for an exception [to the mandate].  So maybe it’s shades of real? I don’t envy these companies having to police their own stores on this one.
Yeah every Harris Teeter employee I’ve seen since late April/May have been wearing masks.
Has to be fake.  Even if this is HT policy, they'd never admit it openly, and definitely not in a way that is insulting to the governor.  Would piss off too many customers.  Edit: just found out it's actually not fake.

