Yesterday's Covid 19 case count

52 new cases although active cases dropped by 32.
Ridiculous how hard it is to get tested when you’ve been in contact with a known confirmed case. Then, results for most in 4-6 days.   What the hell good does that do?! At that point you might be in ICU or infecting the rest of the county.

Today's Covid 19 count

103 additional cases & 5 deaths since yesterday.
NC is not looking good, and I worry that people have gotten the idea that everything is over, go back to normal. In reality, NC is still in our first wave, and relaxing now is going to continue to make it really, really bad.  All the U.S. did was shut down some of the economy and wait. I don't know how people think anything has changed, the danger is still there.
Yeah, I've been to the store a couple of times recently and its gone from almost everyone wearing masks to maybe 15-30% wearing masks, depending on the store.   Costco is the exception, since they are the only chain here that has made them a requirement.
I drove around the mall area a bit Friday afternoon after doing a Target drive up order and I was amazed at how many people were out shopping for fun. Guess they were all out shopping for outfits to wear to their funerals 🤷🏻‍♀️
I think the reasoning is that there's been some data that is showing that the virus is not as deadly as people thought, especially because of the assumed numbers of cases beyond that which we have tested for.

NC Covid-19 Cases are still in first wave

Our testing was utterly pathetic for months. This isn't surprising, and why hospitalizations are an important number.
Tried telling someone a few weeks ago that we weren't on the other side of the curve and that you have to follow the trend and don't usually know until after you've peaked and been going down for a while. Dude tried to argue with me nonstop.
And it was announced today that NC's hospitalizations for COVID-19 are at an all-time high.
Imagine an objectively increasing doubling rate being "the other side of the curve"
The issue is that most reporting they are looking at is either self-selected (they are only looking at what they want to see) or they are looking at the U.S. overall trend, not individual states/regions. NC is clearly not on the other side of the curve at all.
Exactly. Assuming an equal distribution, the peak means you’re still only halfway through.

The University of British Columbia's COVID-19 Study

I got a day off of work.
 Thanks mods for approval, we really appreciate it!  To the community of Winston-Salem,  As we continue to face changes as the COVID-19 situation evolves, we need your help to better understand how stress during this time impacts wellbeing and mental health. Please consider sharing your experiences in this research study. The information you provide can help to guide public health initiatives and policy changes that best promote emotional health going forward. For more information, or to participate, visit: [covidstudy.ca](https://blogs.ubc.ca/covidstudy/participate/)
"Fluent in english"  HoW rAcIsT!

Forsyth adds nearly 200 cases of COVID-19 over the weekend

I can certainly see why. I live downtown and people are frolicking and out and about as if we aren’t in the middle of a pandemic. Also, many refuse to wear masks. It’s unreal.
Forsyth alone at 1,034 active cases. https://carolinasportsthoughts.wordpress.com/2020/06/15/active-coronavirus-cases-in-nc-6-15/
Can I just say- what the HECK happened to the masks? A couple weeks ago at least half were wearing them and now it’s like nobody, even though numbers are higher than ever.
Protesting with hundreds or thousands of people, you'll have that.
Yep, at Sams club I only saw a handful of people with masks on. Covid’s not going anywhere.
Most (over 90%) of the protestors have been wearing masks. It’s not ideal but it’s more responsible than going to a restaurant.
you sure? [https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8422123/Minnesotas-COVID-19-cases-declining-despite-George-Floyd-protests.html](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8422123/Minnesotas-COVID-19-cases-declining-despite-George-Floyd-protests.html)
generally speaking the whole ethos behind the recent protests is to protect other human beings so that tracks
That's an international article, like from a UK tabloid, about a different state...
Did some googlin for ya Rustyna   https://www.denverpost.com/2020/06/15/coronavirus-protests-health-racism/  https://www.inquirer.com/health/coronavirus/covid-coronavirus-pennsylvania-new-jersey-protests-demonstrations-death-reopen-20200615.html  https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2020/06/08/872419850/even-in-a-pandemic-who-believes-that-public-protests-are-important  https://www.marketwatch.com/story/will-the-protests-lead-to-a-spike-in-coronavirus-cases-that-depends-2020-06-03  https://www.theverge.com/2020/6/3/21278340/protestors-coronavirus-spread-police-violence-health-racism
Which one of those links is about Winston Salem though? Because I thought this thread was about cases in Winston Salem?
Well, Rustyna, there's not enough data yet to determine how the recent protests will impact local numbers but you should pull out your epidemiology degree and put it to good use if you want to jump on that, bless your heart
I do not. The burden of proof of your  argument (that the protests in Winston Salem are not contributing to covid cases in Winston-Salem) is on you.   And for what it's worth, I went to a protest downtown and wore a mask. I support the protests and the movement. I only took issue with your initial post that linked to an unreliable  source about a different city and state.
I was not arguing one point or another; if you go back and read the entire thread I was simply asking a Panthers\_09 if they were sure about their assertion (of which I did not make). I simply provided both statistical and anecdotal food for thought

Duke University Research Study: How has COVID-19 impacted your family?


Coronavirus: NC governor's proposal likely to mandate face masks

Good. Masks work. This irrational hatred of masks is so dumb.
The governor is constantly swimming upstream given all of the ignorance that runs abounds in this state. So many following Trump’s direction which is the antithesis of real science that he was pressured into re-opening far too early and now this. He’s going to get a lot of hate for this, but it’s the right thing to do!
Good.
About time. It’s amazing to me how wearing a mask has become a political issue. All those “not giving up my freedom” people who refuse to wear a mask drive me nuts. We’re past the point of “losing our freedom” because of the virus.   Wear the damn mask to do your part to end this pandemic as soon as possible.
What is behind all the ignorance around masks? Is it the disinformation campaigns again? Is it Trumpism? I just don’t get how smart people can suddenly be sooooooo dumb!
Great news! Should have been the case from day one of phase 1. Best case, we highly reduce spread and we knock this virus out. Worst case, it does nothing at all and the cost was having to wear a mask around.
Good, the sooner we start acting like adults and listen to sound science, the sooner we can actually start making progress on this.
Good
Smart move, making considerations a political issue is gross.
As it should be. It doesn’t make sense that we serve food in America/around the world without masks generally.
It's pretty insane how angry people are about it. I'm in retail management and have had customers cuss me out because I **recommend** they wear a mask.
I think it impedes their mouth-breathing.
"But...But...You're stomping on my American liberties. What about my guns...I'm nuthin without my guns"
It really isn't. Most of the people who are against masks are really people who are completely terrified of something that could kill them and is utterly beyond their control and it's one of those things where we really shouldn't be giving them a hard time as much as (as corny as it may sound to some) love and compassion.  Edit: Treat people like shit, people get mad. Suggest the opposite, people get mad. Y'all have some serious fuckin' mental issues.
It's a combination of everything.   It also didn't help that the CDC straight up lied to everyone at the beginning of all this and said masks were useless. It may have been for a good reason, but you can't blame people for not trusting them anymore.
If it's a disinformation campaign then the big agencies are running it. First the CDC said that masks were ineffective. Then the WHO said healthy people shouldn't wear them. Then we're told that asymptomatic people cannot transmit the virus. And if masks are so effective then why did we shut down the economy instead of simply mandating them from the start.
I don't suppose you're able to recommend that they shop elsewhere?
What?
You know hindsight is 20/20. We know a helluva lot more now than we did 3 months ago. People complained about closing down the country, the same people (probably) are complaining about masks. Some people just aren’t happy unless they are complaining...
Agreed. Alot of confusion. But you know, doctors and nurses treating severely ill patients asking me to please wear a mask - that’s enough for me.

