» COVID-19 Hunger Relief & Support COVID-19 – HOW YOU CAN HELP You can help in 3 ways: 1 – Neighbor to Neighbor 2 – Donate 3 – Volunteer


Piedmont Sheetz employee tests positive for COVID-19

Stop trying to name and shame businesses and even individuals who get sick. Soon, individual cases won't even be trackable.   Practice social distancing, proper hygiene and barrier protection.

Vidant employee tests positive for COVID-19

an unspecified vidant facility could mean a whole lot of places over a wide area

COVID-19 Community Mobility Report

Thanks!

Reporting businesses that are still open (Covid-19 Related)?
A few restaurants in my town are still operational despite orders to close. I find this very alarming especially given the current state of circumstances. How can I report this to the state?
Ask for the owner, look him in the eye, and say “listen here you sombitch.”
You mean the dining rooms are still open?
https://i.redd.it/wlf15jq3osq41.jpg
To put this Anne Frankly, mind your own damn business.  I’d fucking Kill for a real restaurant right now.
Username checks
Aaaaand you’re part of the problem
Yeah and that restaurant might kill you and your family and friends so report them.
> I’d fucking Kill for a real restaurant right now.  Well that's an ironic statement. A "real restaurant" *could* very likely kill someone.
I would call the non emergency number for the police - either they will handle it or tell you who to call.  Any business who is ignoring the order won't be getting mine in the future.
the police department can handle this and enforce the EO, I would start there. But depending on your town they might not think it’s a big deal. Just make sure you call the department, not 911
Have you considered talking to their Manager, maybe they are unaware and would benefit from your guidance.
Hi MyCatShitsEverywhere, your comment has been removed because you used a slur that's generally considered direspectful and violates rule 1.  Out of respect for other users please refrain from using slurs in the future.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/NorthCarolina) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah... they probably just haven’t heard yet...

Question about travelling with current COVID-19 situation
My girlfriend and I are planning our 2 year anniversary. Last year we had to cancel our plans for our 1st year anniversary and we really want to do something for this one. We changed our plans from going somewhere big to travelling to a secluded cabin or Airbnb in the mountains. The Tennessee mountains is where we really want to go. We were planning on staying in the cabin and not going out unless we absolutely need to. Regarding public safety I know it's better to stay at home, but we've never had a get away for just ourselves and have been looking forward to this for months. The question is are there any rules or guidelines in place saying we can't go anywhere?
Stay home. Most Airbnb are closed.
Stay home please!
Sorry. You are out of luck. Camp out in your backyard.
Please stay home.  Any trip you can take now you can take in a few months when this is over. Trips for tourism are prohibited by law right now anyway.
[The order from the Governor explicitly prohibits traveling for tourism.](https://files.nc.gov/governor/documents/files/EO121-Stay-at-Home-Order-3.pdf)
Sorry to hear this, but my wife and I are in the same situation in ontario. Do the smart thing and just dont go.  Stop for gas, potential to be infected. Want a coffee for the drive another potential to be infected. Even the cabin or air bnb could have been infected by the previous renter.   Just dont put yourself in that situation.
People probably aren’t renting their places out at the moment. Just wait man.
Is it possible to postpone celebrating for a few months? The only way we can flatten the curve is if EVERYONE participates in social distancing.
That's what we are doing tonight. Big tent, piles of quilts and pillows, great wifi lol!

8 Charlotte abortion protesters arrested under NC COVID-19 ban on mass gatherings
 [https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241776291.html](https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article241776291.html) &#x200B;>Police on Saturday charged eight Charlotte abortion protesters with violating North Carolina’s COVID-19-related ban on mass gatherings.  >  >About 50 protesters gathered outside A Preferred Women’s Health Center on Latrobe Drive, according to police. The center has been the scene of numerous abortion protests over the years.  >  >That size crowd violates the mass gatherings provision in the state’s [stay-at-home order,](https://files.nc.gov/governor/documents/files/EO121-Stay-at-Home-Order-3.pdf) police said, so officers asked everyone to leave.  >  >“After an initial request for compliance, 12 people who were in violation refused to leave” and were cited [under state law ](https://www.ncleg.gov/EnactedLegislation/Statutes/HTML/BySection/Chapter_14/GS_14-288.20A.html)for violation of emergency prohibitions and restrictions, according to a Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department news release.&#x200B;>Video posted to the Facebook page of Love Life, a Charlotte-based group that opposes abortion, shows Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police cars outside the clinic Saturday.  >  >On Thursday four people affiliated with Love Life [filed a lawsuit in federal court](https://www.thomasmoresociety.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/FILED-COMPL-Nisley-v.-Vaughan.pdf) against the Greensboro mayor and a lieutenant with the Greensboro Police Department after they were arrested March 28 for violating the stay-at-home orders of that city and Guilford County while protesting outside an abortion clinic there.  >  >The four plaintiffs contend their arrests violated their First Amendment rights to free speech and protest at the clinic, which is one of four locations of A Woman’s Choice. The others are in Charlotte, Raleigh and Jacksonville, Fla.  >  >**The Love Life members also argue their activities are considered essential under an exemption to the order allowing “outdoor activity.”**a though experiment: what if one or more of the anti-abortion protesters is infected, comes into contact with and subsequently infects a pregnant woman who then later dies, killing her fetus
Are these related to those Y'allqaeda extremists who were in Greensboro last week? I'm sure they got some big ole' persecution boners from this latest stunt, like always.  Jfc how about doing what Jesus would *actually* do for once in your worthless hateful lives and feed the hungry or help the sick, *anything* actually useful to anyone.
Good. The law is not in your faux Christian hands this time
Good call.
Check out [Charlotte for Choice](https://instagram.com/charlotteforchoice?igshid=n6y4chsd1f6g) for more info on these creeps and their belief that rules do not apply to them. One of the regulars is a convicted rapist.  Which, when you think about it, is morally consistent with protesting abortion- because they both believe they are entitled to have control over other people's bodies
Idiots
Well, they are getting what they want. Your attention.
Round em up
I don't support what these people do, but selective enforcement of these laws is extremely dangerous.  Where are the arrests in all these articles about too many people at parks not practicing social distancing?  It may be fun for you now.  If this is acceptable, one day a law like this will be selectively enforced against your people too.  Out basic civil liberties are in danger.
So how exactly is this constitutional? I mean i hate their views and think they should be at home, but it seems we rolled over on the right to peaceably assemble pretty quickly.  Can all these executive orders actually just suspend the constitution?
This bothers me as this is a violation of their first amendment rights. We can’t allow our rights to be infringed. I understand the gravity of this pandemic but if they are being arrested for peacefully protesting then that’s also problematic.   It’s a fine line here we are dancing on and we can’t allow a pandemic to allow officials to hurt us more in the long run.
They are fighting to protect all human life.  Good for them.
This case will get dismissed. Clear violation of the US Constitutional right to assemble.
And arrested.
Something similar happened in Greensboro. The police begged the protestors to just go home, they didn't want to arrest anyone. My guess is people at parks are willing to follow this direction, but the protestors would rather be "martyrs" and get themselves arrested.
If people are spreading covid at a park vs. at a medical facility full of vulnerable patients, my priority is the medical facility
You're not wrong about the last sentence, but this is not the start of the erosion of rights to assemble or protest in the last two decades. Nor is it particularly compelling (given the actual risk to public safety). Your comparison is not especially apt, either, given the fact that people showing up at parks aren't necessarily coordinating (these people clearly planned a gathering).
We are in a state of emergency because of a pandemic. Emergency powers are fairly broad and theoretically ( and in this instance, actually is) for the good of the populace.
it constitutes a public health hazard. the classic example is yelling ‘fire’ in a crowded theater. there are plenty of others.
Our individual rights conflict with each other and with constitutional activity all the time. Courts decide which right prevails. For instance, you have a right to free speech, but the US government has a mandate to protect national security. So, no, you can’t publicly disclose, say, sensitive info about war plans during war time. The old adage is: free speech doesn’t mean you are free to shout “fire” in a crowded movie house.   In this case, the protestors do indeed have the right to protest. However, the government’s obligation to protect other citizens from a deadly contagious disease limits their right to speech by disallowing them to gather to speak. They can still protest—just not in a group, in public, during a pandemic.
The protesters aren't the only one with rights. Your right to swing a fist ends when the next guy's nose gets in the way.
It's not a violation. The illegal action isn't being people who believe they can impose their religious beliefs on others, it's intentionally gathering in public during a health emergency and refusing to disperse when asked to forv actual safety reasons.
By spreading a life-threatening disease to others?  That's literally the opposite of protecting human life. SMH
If only they continuing caring as much after the fetus left the womb.
Lol conservatives will call a fertilized egg in a Petri dish human life but won’t do jack shit to protect it once it’s a grown person.
With the exception of those they potentially can expose to disease and death. Got it, support human life but only on their terms and their agenda. I'm all for their right to protest and they can believe whatever horseshit they wanna believe but ignorantly coming together en masse in defiance of what's going on is dangerous, ignorant, harmful, and fucking stupid.
but what if one of them got a pregnant woman infected who then died along with the unborn fetus
Let people live their lives and their bodies how they want. If it doesn’t affect you...STFU! It’s that simple. Quit imposing your beliefs on others.
I hope you and each one of these people are donating blood as often as humanly possible, have donated a kidney, and have donated part of you liver.
So are pregnant women gonna get checks for their fetuses? Or are you dipshits finally gonna admit that a fetus isn't a person yet?
They are not fighting for human life, they are acting in complete disregard for human life. By hold a large gathering they are promoting the spread of a deadly infectious virus.  There is nothing life saving about this.
Lmao
only GOD can judge.
Your rights are clearly restricted when it comes to public safety. You cant assemble during a pandemic just like you cant yell bomb in a crowded movie theater.
You're really gonna hate to hear about a lot of the court cases that have come out in the last decade regarding this.
Yeah they are getting major status points with their church friends right now. Very righteous. Very virtuous. The biggest slice of cake at the potluck. Martyrs all of them
yep.
True, the unborn people are quite vulnerable.
I agree I just am curious as to the legal mechanisms here and wondering how long political protests will be considered illegal...what if this goes on for over a year as some are saying? What if during that year the current president decides to cancel elections, will we arrest protestors then?
I, too, remember reading the part where Jefferson and Madison said, "None of this stuff matters if people get sick, though."
I can see that. It makes sense. It just makes me worry how others will react to this. The tensions are getting high. People are getting angry at having to stay home. Some are having social gatherings and saying they are staying apart. It’s just one more thing to get people riled up.
COVID isn't guarantied death sentence for everyone. But everyone that gets an abortion is guarantied a death sentence.
As opposed to what?  You not caring that 600,000 humans are killed by abortion every year?    You are looking for justification to say that not all humans deserve an equal chance at life.
That's the parents' responsibility.
The whole point is to dissuade the mother from electively choosing to have her fetus ripped and cut apart alive and pulled piece by piece through the vagina.  600,000 human lives are list every year to abortion.   Its tragic that are youngest and most vulnerable are dying.  So whole I agree that protestors should use precautions,  I applaud their love of human life.  All human life is equally important.
No no you misunderstand, I don't want to actually sacrifice anything, I just want to have the moral high ground!
Hey, my SO is really looking forward to using HOV lanes while alone for 9 months.
Which one? Lottery of birth makes the right one different dependent on family, country, and self.
They’re still assholes, there’s no changing that.
It wasn’t the reason for congregation that was the problem here, it was the congregation.  Don’t confuse the two.
Jefferson and Madison did not have an understanding of microbiology.
As long as we are pointlessly name-dropping, I find myself more in Benjamin Franklin's camp.   "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."   We are temporarily yielding some essential liberties for a lasting and paramount security.    If and when what you are worrying about manifests, I will be too busy dismantling critical infrastructure and spreading leaflets to give a shit about COVID19.
If you think this will have people riled up wait until the death toll starts going through the roof. We're still at the beginning of this thing. If people don't follow stay at home orders the government will be forced to use more and more authoritarian measures.
>COVID isn't guarantied death sentence for everyone  FYI - It's still killing innocent people regardless if it's 100%.  Source say: You're "pro life", ONLY when it's convenient.  Disgustingly hypocritical and sick.
Your logic is flawed and you can’t spell.  Try harder.
A fetus a few weeks or even months old is a *potential human*.  It's not a human yet, it's a cluster of cells in the mothers body.  Do you get upset about women having miscarriages or using birth control?  By your logic every woman is committing murder every month of her life that she doesn't do her best to conceive and give her egg "an equal chance at life."  Even if a fetus is a human AND abortion chopped it up and ripped it apart and all the other BS things you've stated in this thread, that's a hell of a lot more merciful than the suffering endured by many unwanted children.
How about the children not able to get three meals a day because their parents are paid minimum wage? Or those that are homeless? Or those that sleep in houses with shutoff water, heat, or A/C? What about those living in places with unsafe water?   Where is your support for making it illegal for pregnant women to drink any alcohol or consume any potentially harmful drugs? And I don't mean cocaine, I mean tobacco, caffeine, ibuprofen. Anything that could have any possible harmful impact on the development of the fetus.   You don't care about life, you just want to control and punish women for having sex.
I think they're pointing out that demanding that these people bear children against their will when they don't believe they're able to support them, then arguing that those people and their children shouldn't get support they need to live is a pretty shocking cognitive dissonance not to notice.
That's why they are getting responsible abortions silly.
And if the parent isn’t ready for that responsibility they should elect to get an abortion. It isn’t the place of government to mandate people have children that they don’t want
Ahhh so it's okay for a PARENT to allow a child to starve or freeze to death because despite working three minimum wage jobs they still don't get paid enough, that's totally fine. Who gives a shit if a child is suffering as long as it has already been born.  But a FETUS being ABORTED? HOLY FUCKING SHIT WE HAVE TO STOP THIS CRUELTY.
but after you're born, pull yourselves by the bootstraps!  we ain't giving you no free education or health-care!  screw you for being poor and having kids!
You realize you're describing a very specific type of late term abortion right? Most abortions happen before there is anything to come out "piece by piece". Hell, most are done by taking a pill effectively forcing a miscarriage. Are miscarriages murders? Cause my ultra-religious Aunt has had like 10.
It doesn't dissuade them. We just think you're fucking stupid.
but in this scenario they just killed a baby
You didn't answer the question.  Do you or do you not support the right to an abortion if continuing the pregnancy would harm or kill the mother, and/or in the case where the fetus would be stillborn?
Congratulations on soon bring a parent!  Yes, your wife and child (fetus) are two people and thus the HOV is good to go.  I wish you a healthy pregnancy.
Yeah, but Ted Cruz is a dumb son of a bitch and moves with the gentle spring breeze. So you might not want to turn to him for the intellectual underpinnings of your position.  [Here's a general primer on rights to public assembly](https://www.lawyers.com/legal-info/criminal/the-right-to-gather-has-some-restrictions.html). I noticed that public safety is a key question.  It's Vox, but [here](https://www.vox.com/2020/3/11/21166621/coronavirus-quarantines-legal-constitution-new-rochelle) is some more information.  As near as I can tell, there is precedent for restrictions like this. It seems that the key questions are "Is there a real public safety concern?" and "Is it being selectively applied?" Those answers are "Yes" and "No," respectively. Also, the police are apparently asking these people very nicely to please go the fuck home, and explaining why. They're not exactly being kettled and getting their asses beaten, and since they're clearly doing this (this being deliberately violating a public safety order in an emergency because they don't believe in the Establishment Clause) specifically for teh martyrdomz, I'm not sure why we're not all acknowledging that they're getting exactly what they set out to get.  It's not ideal, but I guess good luck in your defense or whatever. I wouldn't get too close to them.
I know and it bothers me that people won’t listen. It’s one thing when people choose to stay home and another when the government arrests you. Americans would rather make the choice. Sadly many keep making dangerous choices. :-/ Like I really don’t want this to get worse. Believe me.  I work in healthcare. But at the same time I get why people are wary of these rules and seek out ways to  break them.
Shhhh...  don't tell him how many potential humans are lost when he masturbates either...
 Sex is an instrument in creating life. Your bodies hormones create the urge to procreate.  That's the inner desire. People are not educated enough on understanding that sex creates humans.   Sex ed is needed to teach that human life can be created from copulation.   You want me to support making it illegal for women to consume ibuprofen, tobacco,  and caffeine?  Why, do you support this?  Seems stupid to me.  I dont know of any studies saying these things kill a human fetus.    Parents can put children up for adoption.   I have adopted two kids.  I bet you have adopted zero kids.  Why are you not adopting children and showing concern?  Do you give zero fucks about children?
Personal freedom ends where it can kill another human life.  We are all born in the womb.  We all must come from growing inside another person.  We dont have a choice in how we develop.   Therefore,  a woman doesn't have a choice in deciding to kick the baby out of the womb.    Who is arguing against supporting children?  I see people say this and think its rediculous.   You think I want a life saved and then dont give any fucks.  It makes you feel better for being pro murder of a human life.  But you are completely wrong.  I support daycare subsidies,  food stamps, low income housing, school lunches, sex education,  and contraception availability.   I also adopted two kids who were thankfully not aborted by their birth mom.  I support life and I support looking after life.  Rather than thinking saving life and caring for life are mutually exclusive,  you need to see them as mutually inclusive.
Yep, life is tough.  But at least you are live.  That's better off than 600,000 humans who are ripped apart alive during abortion every year.
I believe in science.  It is human life growing.  I also believe that human life is more important than personal freedom.
It's not murder if you dont purposely kill your baby.  You are trying to be witty with a gotcha type scenario, but you really just sound dumb.
No, that's dumb.   Both scenarios favor saving the mother.  If both lives are in jeopardy,  it's up to the mother to choose.  Or if the baby is likely to be a stillborn, then I favor it being mums decision .  I'm even in favor of abortion for severely retarded or messed up kids.  I will have to answer to God for those feelings.  But I feel a mother should be able to abort for gross (as in major) birth defects.  Generally though, yes we should be protecting developing human life. I have adopted 2 kids too.  I care about kids and human life.
>You want me to support making it illegal for women to consume ibuprofen, tobacco, and caffeine? Why, do you support this? Seems stupid to me. I dont know of any studies saying these things kill a human fetus.  I didn't say kill, I said anything that could affect the development of the fetus. Please read closer next time and answer the question.    >Parents can put children up for adoption. I have adopted two kids. I bet you have adopted zero kids. Why are you not adopting children and showing concern? Do you give zero fucks about children?  I have no interest in humoring your hate-filled assumptions about how I spent my time and/or money in supporting others. I do what I can, when I can to help others, and I feel no obligation whatsoever to adhere to your arbitrary, hypocritical, and dishonest requirements.   Also, you forgot to answer part of my comment:   How about the children not able to get three meals a day because their parents are paid minimum wage? Or those that are homeless? Or those that sleep in houses with shutoff water, heat, or A/C? What about those living in places with unsafe water?
Gosh, that's an excellent argument for limiting people's right to assemble in a limited and short term manner, and probably the most predictable and off-base reasoning on Earth for removing people's control over their own reproductive health and bodily autonomy.  Edited to add: regarding the second paragraph - those are all genuinely good things. You are in the minority among the anti-choice crowd as far as I've seen in most of those, unfortunately.
Have you studied the cycle of poverty? Have you studied that and the effects (all effects, including serious mental damage) it has on those who are forced to live that life? You’d be better off becoming a Guardian ad Litem working for children living in those situations right now. The ones who are already here and struggling and suffering. Then try spouting “yep, life is tough. But at least you are alive.” See where that gets you.  Edit: spelling
Almost all abortions are done medicinally, and are miscarriages that are passed at home.  But hey, facts don't matter when you have an agenda.
Is that including miscarriage and do you have the same opinion for woman that didn’t get the choice of an abortion. Because a miscarriage is an abortion.
I honestly wish my mom had aborted me.  This world sucks:   * coronavirus * Trump * idiots like you * traffic * Gerrymandering  * having to work to survive * the bed feels uncomfortable when I try to fall asleep but is super comfortable when I have to wake up * rich people control everything and make it hard for other people to get rich * student loan debt * old people screech about socialism being evil, but they sure don't hesitate to cash those social security checks (which I pay for with my taxes)  * Dating has been tinderized and it's impossible to find someone willing to put effort into a relationship because they know they can easily meet someone else within a few weeks if things aren't perfect  * I have a hearing loss. Hearing aids are not covered by insurance, so I have to buy them out of pocket - they're $5,000 a pair * Netflix and the internet have destroyed my attention span and I'm actually getting bored of writing this comment.  * old people fucked the housing market, and now my generation is finding it impossible to afford housing near our jobs * No worker protection, we can be fired at any time, for any reason * climate change is going to make things hell in a few decades    1 star. Would not recommend.  You are delusional if you think "being alive" is a universal good.
What the fuck
Oh boy.
Do you apply that logic to gun control?
That's manslaughter though. Still illegal and can still be sent to jail for it.  >the crime of killing a human being without malice aforethought, or otherwise in circumstances not amounting to murder.
You have done some amount of research to find out how many abortions occur every year but absolutely none in regards to how they are performed or why.   Do you have any data whatsoever which speaks to how many abortions are performed to save the life of the mother, to prevent a developmentally disabled child from suffering in life, on a fetus which would be stillborn, or on a fetus which if allowed to be born would only live for a matter of hours or days?   That is to say, do you have any idea how many of those 600,000 abortions you would allow or even support?
Lol, triggered by a fetus
I'm not anti choice.  I support a lot of choice for women.  They can choose when and with whom to have sex. I oppose arrange marriage and support harder domestic violence laws.  I support pretty much all contraception,  because the point is not to get pregnant if you dont want to.  I support womens clinics for sexual education and health.  The ONLY thing I dont support is killing a human life.  That's it.  We as humans dont have a choice where we develop.  Did you choose where you wanted to fully develop?  Nope.  We all start in the womb and have no alternative.  So a woman cant choose to evict a human because it means death.  Abortion kills people.  You must not have many friends or peers that are openly pro life.  The rhetoric of 'you dont care about womens rights' is tired and untrue.  But it's all the pro abortion crowd has to cling to.    You are correct that if the pro life crowd was breaking the law and endangering others due to the virus, they should be arrested.   They should restructure crowd size and exercise appropriate spacing.  It's still good of them to do all they can, use their voice, to try to stop human lives from being killed.  If women were forced to get abortions would that bother you?  It's happened in the past around the world.  What is more upsetting about it?  That women were not allowed to choose or that their baby was murdered?  Loss of human life is awful.  We all feel it deep inside us.  Just because I'm not the mom of the fetus doesnt mean I am excused from caring about it.  Its human life, one of us with a future.  My argument lies upon three foundations.   First, scientifically,  a fetus is human life.  Its alive and it's one of us.  Being underdeveloped doesnt make a fetus less human.  The fetus is alive, human, and has no choice to develop elsewhere.  There are no options for developing outside the womb.  Secondly, I am Christian and see abortion as an affront to God giving us life.  We were given the gift to create life and need to respect.  I teach my kids that all animals in Gods kingdom are to be respected and treated responsibly.   Life is amazing.  Third, its morally necessary to protect human life.  Do we not have that code already for humans outside the womb?  It's the foundation of society that we do not kill other humans.  This law should not have loopholes.  I believe God will punish those that abort and support abortion.  People are literally advocating the murder of human life.  I'm not saying this to be a dick, I'm saying this because I care.  I believe in life after here and that we are judged for our actions.  I dont want people to face judgement for killing and supporting the killing of human life.  I know reddit is wholly anti-God, so chances are you give zero fucks about Gods judgement.   Free will to choose what you believe, I support that.  You are good to come to chat.  Thank you for being open to discussion.   Lines are drawn and people are quick to hate others on this issue.  I don't hate you if you oppose me.  I understand you know pregnancy is a very difficult situation and you want women to have choices.   I think its admirable to want to protect womens freedoms.  I hope you can understand that I'm not a one dimensional monster who hates women and doesnt care about kids after they are born.  I have thought long about this issue.  I was pro choice starting in high school and through college.  It seemed so easy and right to be pro choice.  But when I apply the standards of science, morality,  and religion I have support human life.
Fact especially don't matter when you're a woman with your own thoughts, needs, desires and plans. /s
You misunderstand what you being alive is good for to these people. They can make money off of you, convert you into a 'tool of god', or send you off to war. Your life is not about you to them.
Oh my, you dont know that the baby in the womb is alive before it comes out? Yeah, they are alive for 9 months before coming out of the womb.  Babies dont magically come alive hon.
You are anti-choice in the context of the conversation we were having. You do not support their right to choose when and if they have children. Not sure why you're trying to reframe our entire discussion, especially given the backtracking you did right after where you explained that you don't think this should be a choice available to people.  I know I'm correct that they should face consequences for dangerous behavior - which is what's happened. I appreciate the reassurance, but I was pretty confident there. Arrests were appropriate in this case, and would have also been appropriate if it were a cookout or a swap meet. I like ribs, but if a bunch of people were hanging out in the street cooking them, it would be appropriate for that to be broken up at the moment.  Also, I'm a church-most-Sundays person, so maybe you want to go a little easy on the self-righteousness? Even if I weren't, that was not only very judgy but also pretty darn patronizing. Sounds like we have some doctrinal disagreement, too, but that's nothing uncommon. And maybe also if you're going to lead with "Constitution" and "First Amendment," you'll want to remember about the Establishment Clause, especially since we've established that theological and doctrinal disagreement is common even within a single tradition and we both know that governing based on religion is dangerous based on centuries of historical evidence.  I don't think you're a monster, bud. Based on what you've said, I think you're likely a generally decent person with flaws and blindspots, and our perspectives (and blindspots) don't line up just right. I think you're wrong on this issue, and your enthusiasm for what you think is good and right is leading you to some erroneous conclusions and assumptions.
Well fortunately a man (or a more Godly woman) can provide all of those for her!
Thanks for the response.    For the part about religion,  I made it clear it is my personal faith and belief.  How is it patronizing?  If you are offended that means you believe my beliefs have substance.  Otherwise you would not be emotionally upset.  For example, if I said God will punish those who use the color orange, you'd brush it away and not care.  It wouldn't matter if I believed God hates the color orange.  You wouldn't feel that was patronizing would you. You wouldn't think I was being morally superior because I dont use the color orange.   But here, about abortion, I feel your emotions.  If God created life and want to please God, being pro abortion must be very upsetting.   So if one says they love God and want to be in Gods good grace, being pro choice would be anti-life and thus anti-God.   Is not to love life and respect life to show appreciation to God?  Again, this is my personal belief, just the same as saying God hates the color orange.  I would love to learn how a person can support abortion and love God.  How do you think God judges abortion and those that support it?  You tried to make my point moot by saying separation of Church and State.  However, I said I use religion as my personal guiding principle along with Morality and Science.  Though the government doesnt use religion as a guiding principle doesnt mean that people cant.  It's my personal belief that God doesn't want babies killed in their mothers bellies.  The government cant tell me not to believe this.  You also did not note that science has proven a fetus is a living developing human or that science proves a human cannot grow anywhere but inside the womb.  So a human has no choice but to develop within the womb, there is no alternative.  Not being fully developed doesnt make one less human.  A fetus has all the same DNA and is alive.    For morality, people must do their best not to kill people.  Especially innocent people who have done no wrong.  How is it morally acceptable to kill another human if that human is not endangering your own life?    Instead of brushing off my foundations of religion,  science, and mortality, explain how you support abortion.  Are you fine with a mother aborting her baby in the third trimester? At what point do you see a developing human as worthy of life?   How do you rationalize God and abortion?  How do you justify the morality in killing a human vs personal freedom?
You wrote the most sincere, thoughtful,  and respectful comment.   Thanks for contributing, I appreciate your words.
Hey champ, babies are alive in the womb for 9 months before they come out.  They dont magically come alive.  Show some love and humanity for all humans.
Mmmkay. Seriously, I hope you don't approach people like that expecting to have them come around your place of b worship.
I'm Catholic, we openly love life and oppose abortion. Can you answer any of the questions I asked you?
I agree they need to respect the law and practice proper social distancing
I did answer a bunch of them. Earlier. But I'm not going to manage to argue you out of a tenet of your faith, and I'm not interested in spending the next month trying. You'd be equally unable to convince me of transubstantiation - it's a valuable symbol, but I'm not going to come around on the literal changing of Welch's into Christ's blood. You could get a Jesuit on the phone and it won't help that much.  Fortunately, that something is a tenet of your faith doesn't make it necessary for laws or everyone else's moral compass or beliefs to re-center. Which was the point of bringing up the Establishment Clause. You should definitely not get an abortion or use ~~both~~ birth control if they conflict with your religious beliefs. But you should also mind other people's vaginas less unless they ask you about it.

Protecting your pets during Covid-19
There have now been several reports worldwide of Cats and Dogs becoming infected (and now Tigers). This is extremely rare but it has happened and documented by medical professionals.1) Please wash your hands when you get home from being outside before petting and feeding your animals. 2) Do not let strangers pet your animal if you are on a walk3) covid-19 will attach itself to the fur on your pet and possibly could infect others if the virus is still active. 4) After going out on walks away from home give your pet a soapy bath to neutralize any germs. 5) Just want to protect my furry friends!
No.4 can be really bad for your pets skin if some too often.   Dogs and cats are not significant vectors. They are most likley to bring it into the house of they walk in something.  Just give their paws a wash with a mild soap like washing your hands.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Please provide source(s) on these reports of animals being infected.
There has been a little study, cats are most susceptible. A tiger today at a zoo in NYC tested positive. There have been a couple other reports of domestic cats testing positive and one dog. They are not significant vectors in transmission, not even understood if a cat or dog can transmit to humans unless on their fur or paws.
[Here.](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/tiger-bronx-zoo-tests-positive-for-coronavirus-today-2020-04-05/)
Thanks for the info - but I can't help but wonder who got close enough to the tiger to infect it!
its handler I believe

Social distancing may be working: Researchers cut projected COVID-19 death toll in NC

According to https://covid19.healthdata.org/ Our peak as far as resources is 7 days away. The other day it was projected late April so I think it is working  Edit: 7 days until peak resources use. 9 days until peak deaths
But we can see the danger, even in this thread: denialists think that successful mitigation means that there was no danger.
This prediction is based on the assumption that our social distancing practices in NC are as strictly followed and enforced as the measures in Italy and Spain.  Which, quite frankly, they are not.  To be clear, I hope that this prediction is true, but this is one prediction from the University of Washington.  It is hopeful, and could be true, but it is not what we should place all of our hopes on.
Lets hope this is the case.  Lower death toll+ being able to lift restrictions SLOWLY for Memorial Day would be nice  My vision would be  Restaurants, theaters get to reopen, but social distancing for tables, so not full capacity.  Keep the social distancing requirement for events, stuff like this.  We can't lift it all at once or it will be a madhouse.
If you arent following Jeff Jackson on here, it's good information.  For those people thinking this means well change restrictions early, this news is predicated on going past April to flatten the curve this amount.  Since we're not yet at peak, that will also change these results:  https://reddit.app.link/ahbnM8Oet5
good job everyone!
can we get a "yee yee" in the chat
Anyone that thinks that this will be over soon is fooling themself, we’re in this for the long haul, and if we aren’t, all these projections are going to be much much worse, as in many many more deaths.
WE'LL BE OPEN BEFORE EASTER!  America will NOT bow down to the Chinese!  No Restrictions by Easter!  God has our back!  Dump 2020, Make Another Golf Appointment!
too bad for the media, their “trump-virus” narrative was really starting to build momentum
Any access to an archive for the IHME model prior to March 27?  Their models were way off across the board. They mostly overestimated deaths. Places like NY are doing worse than earlier projections.  https://web.archive.org/web/20200327021435/http://covid19.healthdata.org/  Edit: Also, in case anyone wasn't aware. IHME updated all their models on Sunday
Flattening the curve would mean peak infection would be delayed, not hastened.
That peak date has changed dramatically day to day so I am not sure I trust it.
Yes, and lets not forget this thing will still be around until a vaccine is made.  When lockdown ends its very possible to have a second round.  Also, it seems like its spreading to animals too, at least Tigers in NY zoo testing positive for covid 19.
Predictions are based off of data trends.  Data must be trending in such a way that the curve is flattening.  Of course we were never going to get 100% adoption of social distancing, but it does seem like the overwhelming majority of NC residents are taking it seriously.
Barber shops too, please. I'm almost to the point of having to cut it myself
I just wanna be able to life weights again :(
brother we're just trying to find some hope in this dumpster fire of a situation
[Translation](https://media1.tenor.com/images/e4030ff9dec7ceadf2c4a9ce103815e4/tenor.gif?itemid=4601921)
 Yea, all those people dying in Italy and New York were crisis actors, amirite?  /s
This isn't regular stupid. It is advanced stupid.
Here's a fun fact - this virus is estimated to have killed more people in the US than 9/11, and it's likely we're still on the upswing. So maybe you could take this very dumb and snide bullshit and stop advertising that you don't know your ass from a hole in the ground? Or put your /s on it, if that applies.
Hey buddy, you just blow in from stupid town?
Yeah, I'm sure the thousands of people who died needlessly in NY are relieved that Trump takes no responsibility for the federal governments completely embarrassing response to this crisis.  It seems that no one is going to learn a lesson from this.
Stay trashy, just like your president.
Yeah they were way overestimating hospitalizations in NC for a while.  Looking now they're much closer, but their lower bound for today is still 150 hospitalizations higher than our actual numbers.  That's not really a criticism, it's a tough thing to model.  I suspect our actual peak will be higher and later than what they're projecting.  It's by far the most optimistic model I've seen.  [The projections from the state government](https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/NC-Covid-Brief-1-4-6-20.pdf) are significantly more pessimistic with the peak not occurring until mid-May.
No I don't have anything prior to Mar 27 unfortunately. And all of these models are based on continued lockdowns and social distancing. We need to keep those in place beyond what these models are predicting our peaks to be. Just to be safe
From what I heard on NPR and from a couple other medical physicians speaking on other programs *this morning* data points such as number of cases  & number of deaths match almost perfectly with the most current model, AT LEAST FOR NC.   I believe this was with the most current model released yesterday.
They are posting updates that are examining their model's performance and differences.  See http://www.healthdata.org/covid/updates and the update archives at the very bottom
There's absolutely going to be spikes when they reopen bars and other places.
Did this last night. I feel a lot better, but will say my barber's job is *definitely* secure as far as I'm concerned.
Yep; I'm way overdue but fortunately my work doesn't require me to be picky about my hair. I could wear a goddamn mullet if I wanted to.
I'm slowly dying inside without being able to go to TRC.  Climbing has been the only exercise that I can do consistently with my ADHD - hangboard training and body weight stuff does NOT cut it.
That’s true, I’m sorry I’m not being positive here, I just don’t want more people to die if we go back earlier than responsibly is all :/
Very apt haha
The guy from Fountains of Wayne was invented by The Media ™®© in the late 90s to make Donald Trump look like he's a dumb fucking shitheel who's terrible at every job that isn't lying about how well he's doing. Wake up sheeple. /s  Edit: Boris Johnson is just pretending, too. It's all wheels within wheels, and definitely not exactly what a bunch of people said would happen way, way in advance.
He might even be medically stupid  Or just a Trump University drop-out, or graduate
our country wasn’t prepared for this, none are. china’s government is the only embarrassment for making the rest of the world deal with their ineptitude/ apathy. Many more would have died if trump listened to the media and democrats who said travel bans where racist.
It's such a strange thing. On one hand you could probably argue the efficacy of these models in predicting anything of value.  On the other hand, if we didn't have models predicting worst-case scenarios, people wouldn't change behavior.  I just wish everyone would keep a more level head during these times instead of running around in a panic. The anxiety is justified for sure, but panic causes the hoarding, selfishness, and distrust which honestly makes it unnecessarily unbearable.
>We need to keep those in place beyond what these models are predicting our peaks to be.  Oh I agree.   It's hard to say that we overreacted because there's no way to determine how bad it could have been had we not implemented restrictions and distancing. TBH it's best to overreact to this sorta thing anyhow.  I do however find it annoying that IHME doesn't provide (or at least I can't find it) access to earlier models. I'm not suggesting that they're doing it for nefarious reasons or anything -- I'm just interested in identifying the actual vs projected.
Climb a tree
> travel bans where racist  Travel bans against predominantly Muslim countries, including some and excluding others, is racist.  Restricting travel for viral containment reasons is not and Democrats were not harping against that.
> our country wasn’t prepared for this  [You are literally full of shit.](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/03/16/trump-inauguration-warning-scenario-pandemic-132797)  It wasn't prepared because we have an incompetent fuck in office who's more worried about people kissing his ass than actually doing a good job.
Those were explicitly racist and came out more than a year before the virus was identified, and targeted places that were not going to be virus hotspots more than a year later. So it's not clear what that has to do with the price of tea in any given nation, except to try to justify those after the fact. Hell, the White House was still rearranging deck chairs and hoping to stave off market reaction into early March, when it would have actually made sense to start limiting travel (but to Europe and China, not poor North African nations). So that's blatantly nonsense.  Also, we had a task force devoted to pandemic response (which was under-funded, but we had it) until 2018. Experts had been warning that we were unprepared for over a decade by that point. There are TED talks on it dated during the first Obama administration. I'm not sure why you seem to be suggesting this couldn't have been predicted, given dated predictions and existing response units preceding the virus by several years.  China isn't relevant to the fumble-fingered "what, me worry?" response we got at the federal level in this country, or the ongoing clusterfuck being perpetrated at the highest federal levels. Many more are currently dying.
Hi cschema, your comment has been removed because you used a slur that's generally considered direspectful and violates rule 1.  Out of respect for other users please refrain from using slurs in the future.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/NorthCarolina) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I know that we all have an instinct to point fingers when these types of stressful situations overtake our norms, but as you mentioned, it's important to remain as calm and level headed as possible.  BUT if I was going to point fingers, I would blame it **ALL*" on the NCAoS&SL*. The anger, the hoarding, the anxiety, EVERYTHING can be traced back to their actions!  *North Carolina Association of Sith & Sith Lord's.
I would - and I've looked out of desperation, TRUST ME lol - but it's all shitty pine here.  Either too scrawny, or branches too high to reach.  Or both.
You leave the Sith out of this. Just because they won't bow to your fascist Jedi Council.

NC Treasurer Folwell describes his ‘intense’ battle with COVID-19

Glad he's doing better.

COVID-19 New and Cumulative Cases Since 2-Mar, data from NCDHHS
Quick excel graph of COVID cases in North Carolina, noting the day when the stay-at-home order was issued. Laboratory-confirmed cases appear to be present mostly in white (non-hispanic) males between the ages of 25-49, whereas COVID-related deaths affect those over 65 years of age. The data doesn't appear to show significant decreases in the number of cases, perhaps a slowdown, as there hasn't been a declining trend based on the number of days of new/cumulative cases.Stay home as often as you can. Be safe everyone.Source:  [https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/covid19/covid-19-nc-case-count#cases-over-time](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/divisions/public-health/covid19/covid-19-nc-case-count#cases-over-time)Note from the DHHS website: "\[These numbers reflect\] cases that were tested and returned positive, including the NC State Laboratory of Public Health and reporting hospital and commercial labs. All data is preliminary. Not all cases of COVID-19 are tested, so this does not represent the total number of people in North Carolina who have or had COVID-19."https://preview.redd.it/y5ao0d4g0fr41.png?width=685&format=png&auto=webp&s=976d416abf89395a01035ede2cdf60259c081aafhttps://preview.redd.it/2ndy6tgu0fr41.png?width=685&format=png&auto=webp&s=a28c28a2afca9473c18de7ba46ef31ba9c0506c0
I think the graph shows very clearly that the curve is beginning to flatten.  Anyone who though the effect of social distancing was going to happen immediately doesn't really understand what we are dealing with here.  We are just now, 3 weeks after the stay at home orders were issued, starting to see the curve flatten, that was what we were hoping to see.  The latest projections of when we will hit peak has also narrowed, meaning that the current social distancing and SAH order are working.  I know people want to go back to their normal lives, but that is not going to be possible for at least a couple more months and even then we still won't have a vaccine.    I don't want to get overly political here but the federal government has let the country down.  We are the richest nation on earth, how were we not more prepared for this?  Why don't we have enough PPE?  States are having to bid against each other for aid from the federal government, it's atrocious.
Is there any data available for number of tests given per day? Would like to see this as a supplement to the presented data... would give some good insight with respect to whether we are truly seeing the effects of social distancing/stay at home orders or if there's a confounding variable at play (number of tests).
The feds knew what was going on to the extent that insiders have been able to make millions of dollars off of their information. They claimed it was a hoax that would be gone by April. All of the deaths, record unemployment numbers, and collapse of industries and economies are on their hands and everyone that lied to us should be held accountable. It's up to us as voters to remember all of this bullshit during the next elections.
The stay at home order (executive order 121) was issued 3/27, exactly 11 days ago. Not quite the 3 weeks you mentioned in the post. Of that was indeed what you were referring to.
Check here: [https://covidtracking.com/data/state/north-carolina](https://covidtracking.com/data/state/north-carolina)
None that I've found. A report by [NC Health News](https://www.northcarolinahealthnews.org/2020/03/23/drive-thru-test-sites-come-and-go/) (23-Mar) mentions that the UNC Medical Center had ran 441 tests collected from their 13 campuses between 16 and 20-Mar, another testing center had 280 people tested but closed due to shortages (it was open for one day).   Based on what I've read, the drive-through testing centers can take about 5 minutes. Assuming everyone did that and lines were full, each single testing spot might be able to test 100 people in a day.
I realize that the graph may appear that NC is experiencing a slow growth or even decline of new cases but I believe the data are telling a differing story. The number of new cases are much higher during the work week than the weekend (see image). The reason for this is unclear; some testing centers may be closed on the weekend, people may be less inclined to test themselves during that time, etc.  But if we assume that the average of these numbers represent the majority of all cases in NC, and the working day average of these numbers in the last three weeks (week1: 137; week2: 190; week 3: 198) have been increasing, this tells me that NC is still experiencing a significant growth in COVID cases.    [https://imgur.com/a/e1jSjMK](https://imgur.com/a/e1jSjMK)
Amen to that.
The stay at home order for Mecklenburg county went in effect about a week before that.
Perfect, thanks. See here for data: [https://imgur.com/a/4dUguqu](https://imgur.com/a/4dUguqu). Assuming data is taken from NC DHHS, the total number of tests is the number of tests with results and does not take into account pending tests (which I couldn't find, but I didn't look very hard). There is less variance in the number of tests than I expected, with a peak going from 4/3 to 4/4 (not sure why... back log of tests that just came through?).   Would like to see this data continue over the next few days before we revisit this. Curve appears to be flattening, but number of completed tests has decreased over the last few days too. NC officially announced they would start to limit testing a few days before the NC stay at home order took effect. Are we seeing a reduction in test results over the last couple days and fewer positive results because all the queued tests are starting to catch up and fewer tests are being given?
I think it's reasonable to include the working week average as an outcome if the weekend numbers appear as outliers, especially when there are testing centers that aren't open 24/7 or on weekends. But you're absolutely right in saying that we should see what this numbers look like for this coming week.  However, these numbers aren't showing a definitive decreasing trend in the number of cases. A drop of -1.4 cases in the difference between two weeks doesn't exactly get me excited.   I'm not trying to say that the stay-at-home order isn't working, but it would be a little too optimistic to say we are beginning to look at the decline in new cases.   Graduation is coming up for many schools and unless we see law enforcement enforcing people to stay at home during summer vacation, then I think it's likely that cases will rise quickly again.

Healthcare and Essential workers may get a $25000 dollar raise for Covid-19

The GOP will put an end to that.
I'm in that essential group and a little confused about why I should be getting any extra money. Being essential means I have a job and I am getting paid. If prices of things like cars and property crash from all this, I'm going to be in a pretty good position.
Any love for the electricians that are still having to work right now
What about restaurant and delivery drivers?
Removed: rule 5
Maybe, maybe not. Sure would be nice for paramedics to get what they deserve instead of being shit on constantly
And rightly so, someone has to keep our tax and spend democrats in check.
Because many Americans are either getting paid for doing nothing, or able to work from home with little to no risk of contracting the virus if they stay there.  Meanwhile many 'essential' workers still have to work with less pay while at much greater risk of contracting the virus.
Yeahhh I was already saving like 10k this year to put a big down payment down on a new Tahoe but shit at this point lol
amen bro.  but i wouldn't hold your breath.  well, i would if you dont have a mask.  good luck
Literally applies to NC workers
Them, store workers etc. Yes, they do deserve better, but this will be spun as a Marxist, deep state plot by the left...like everything is.
Sure and it would be nice if the people they worked for paid them what their time was worth, it’s almost as if they took the job knowing how much they would be paid beforehand. It is not the federal or local governments responsibility to take tax dollars from some and pay others because “they deserve it”.
Hahahaha that’s hilarious.   How much has trump added to the deficit?
Less pay? Who is getting less pay but is also essential.
Yeah I figured we would not be on that list even though we’re considered to Be essential (expendable)
> [Every Supreme Court ruling that has ever taken place has implications for North Carolina due to federalism. Every Congressional action that has ever taken place has implications for North Carolina because we are a state in the union. Every discussion of any global problem that has ever taken place has implications for North Carolina because we are a location on Earth. Every scientific discovery that has ever taken place has implications for North Carolina because we exist in the physical universe. If everything is relevant, then nothing is relevant. If your story simply mentions this state, or has a passing reference to what the story could mean for this state and others, or if it simply shows North Carolina on a map, then it is off topic.](https://www.reddit.com/r/NorthCarolina/wiki/ontopicguide#wiki_e._there_are_plenty_of_places_to_post_national_stories_that_have_implications_for_this_state._)
EMS is the red headed step child of first responders, they never get the recognization they deserve.I think people associate them with the ambulance bill?
You’re right, I took my job knowing I’d work every weekend from midnight to noon, but I still. Would I like to be paid more, duh who wouldn’t. I’d still say that all First Responders deserve better pay. I make more money then most of my friends who are first responders and I work 4 days a week and sit on my ass. No college degree, or even tech school.
Before or after the wu -flu?😂😂😂😂
Most fast food workers.  If they got laid off, they would collect unemployment + an extra $600 a week, which would probably at least double what they are making now.  Also grocery store workers, pretty much any retail worker still at work.
That would lead me to wonder why your first responder friends don’t come and work with you for more money and less effort?
Question-flu?   Before the global pandemic he had added to the deficit...the same deficit he said he’d get rid of.
I mean, before we were looking at a trillion dollar tax giveaway that's generated, oh... jack shit, in terms of economic growth. Which surprised basically nobody at all, because they do this about every decade and claim it's going to generate all this extra revenue and it's done it exactly zero times. But what's most of a trillion dollars between friends?   Then, since the virus you've decided to use maybe the dumbest and most racist term I've seen yet for, it's gone up more. And sure, that was to be expected. What wasn't as expected was to then remove the watchdog from all those funds and then basically leave the door open to profit personally from the deaths of a few thousand Americans by getting in on that actually-needed economic stimulus without oversight.  I'm trying to think, did I miss anything? There's also the gouging of public funds to pay his companies directly. But that's kind of small potatoes - only in the millions. Hundreds-of-thousandths of the revenue frittered away before the pandemic.
Ah, I suppose restaurant workers may be essential but they are probably getting reduced hours. Though reduced hours makes you eligible for unemployment as well.   I dunno, it just seems overly broad.
Lol idk man I’m not trynna argue, one of them transported my grandfather the day he had a massive heart attack and told his fire captain to follow the ambulance to the hospital bc he knew it was my grandfather. They’re good people, they deserve to be compensated more for what they do, especially during times like these.
Hahahahaha that’s racist huh? 😂When ever is Wu a race? Hmmm let’s take that a step further, do you really think Chinese is a race? Did I insinuate anything with my silly name for the virus aside from that it came from China? Is it racist to call the Spanish flu Spanish? I suppose when you are so caught up in orange man bad that facts don’t matter and the points are made up Chinese can be a race, stating something came from a country ( or province inside a country) not deriding the country or the people in it is racist. And hey I’m all for canceling out this bullshit multi trillion dollar bailout as well so I guess we can agree on that. 👍😎🇺🇸
I don’t disagree that they should be paid more, but this temporary measure would only last through the end of the year and then they would go back to substandard pay, I think that they should be paid more by their employers not only for the remainder of this year but in the years going forward, not by the state or federal government, and not at the taxpayers expense.
I just gave myself brain cancer reading this entire thread. Thanks man.
It is racist, yes. The intentional characterization of a virus as "Chinese" is definitely racist, besides being an attempt to deflect blame from the people claiming to be in charge and in control here. "It was the disease-ridden Chinese." Great subtext. Very deniable, just high pitched enough that you can pretend to mean something else and whine about the PC Police. A perfect little troll phrase, with all the forthrightness and conviction of cheating at Solitaire. Heroic.  Way to try to backpedal, though. Really showing the courage of your convictions. And way to courageously dodge and avoid every inconvenient fact in favor of sloganeering and misdirection. Truly, you are exactly what your leader wants for this country - callous, dishonest, spiteful, cowardly, and willfully unaware.  Edit: forgot to downvote your very poorly written attempt to deflect criticism of your racism. My bad!
You're right. Collective bargaining rights for EMTs!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, I think someone needs to learn the difference between implied and inferred. You have inferred a whole lot that I never implied which says a whole lot more about you than it does me. 😆 oh noes I got downvoted by some random moron on reddit how will I ever recover 😀 your opinion about me, my courage, who I might see as “my leader”  means about as much to me as what my dog squeezes out on the lawn every morning. But thanks for the laugh guy, hope your internet tough guy points serve you well in life.
Do they not have this right already?
Bye, racist troll guy.
I think it depends who their employer is, but we also have long-standing laws undermining collective bargaining here.
That’s a shame, Govco should stay out of the free market. 😕
When they start, it'll be for the first time. It's just that they're usually propping up the people with the money and clout going back over the last couple centuries.  (Edited to add: also, unregulated markets tend to become stodgy, bloated, and collapse prone at shocking speeds, so be careful what you wish for)
Sorry for the thread drift but can you point me to an example of this? Was having a discussion at another venue of capitalism vs socialism and couldn’t really find good examples of either system historically that wasn’t yolked to government.
There's not really one, so far as I know. I'd suggest that government is necessary and useful, as markets tend to leave a lot of gaps.  On the side of socialism, or going further, communism, pretty much every system that's been tried hasn't reached the "final form" Marx envisioned. Many drift into authoritarianism, many eventually move into oligarchy or worse. It's a whole thing.  In terms of capitalism, there's also no such beast. Historically, the closest we got in the modern era (that I know of) is the laissez-faire economics of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. And that was also not great - child labor, routine depressions, horrifying living conditions for most people, extreme, common poverty, poisoned food water and air, rampant illiteracy, fraud (part of the reason the Great Depression hit so hard was unregulated trade in penny stocks, and it was common for people to be swindled into buying worthless stock and lose everything). No unemployment insurance, no medical benefits for the elderly or disabled, no labor protections, rampant corruption and graft. It was bad.  I'd really suggest a look at the time period from 1870 or so to maybe 1932. That's probably the context I know of with the least regulation and government involvement, though there was a ton of corruption and what we'd call regulatory capture. It's a fascinating time period.  Just noticed - you should stop trolling. This you is much better, and seems like the kind of person one could actually talk to.

Amazon worker at concord facility tests positive for covid-19

We treat all arriving packages as potentially contaminated and they go into a safety zone in the garage (using gloves). Unless they need to be opened immediately, they sit there for 3-4 days.
Positive cases at 3 Charlotte Amazon warehouses
They’re eventually going to have to shut some of these warehouses down. There really isn’t a way to adequately protect the workers in such an environment.
This reminds me of the video of the Amazon warehouse worker who says they should prohibit the sale of non-essentials because they are working risking their health because a lot of the world is at home bored buying stuff to stay entertained while at home.   On one hand I totally agree most places should be closed right now that aren't essential but on the other had ya girl be bored and likes to spend money.
Lol, soooo many people are gonna be fucked now....
The smart thing to do. I'm usually too inpatient. And never thought of it as an issue until learning about this one. Since I'm like 20mins from this building I have to imagine everything I order comes from there
Same, top shelf so kids cant reach, 2-3 days.
Screw the packages what about co workers that came within contact.
I think it's likely to take a government order to do that. Amazon isn't about to do it on their own without a ton of bad press.
Why is that funny?
Yeah hilarious.....
Statistically, you'll be fine if you get CoVID. Even in an absolute worst case scenario where the hospitals are completely overwhelmed (we're not there yet, and no model predicts NC getting there), you're looking at around a 1 in 5 chance of dying. Don't shoot yourself.
The CDC still maintains that while it may be *possible* to contract COVID through touching contaminated surfaces, the risk is relatively low. I don't think there are any cases where they have been able to confirm infection via surface contact where direct contact with an infected person wasn't involved.   This disease primarily spreads through respiratory droplets of an infected person inhaled by another person. You're still safer ordering stuff from Amazon than you are going into a store where you will be in contact with other people.
The one thing Amazon Prime can't deliver.
It's literally the safest way to shop for essentials. Government isn't going to shut them down.
I'm sure some governors would be glad to do it. After all, it's not like the government is going to loose any tax revenue.
Edgy 16 year olds gonna be edgy.
Its just kinda like a "lmao were fucked" type of laughing. Hard to explain but I know what he means
Because the CEO is a piece of shit, Amazon has always had shady business practices, and now they're going to fuck over so many people.
1 in chance 5 dying...and then a good chance of permanent lung damage.
True, but my SO and I are immunocompromised and covid-19 exposure will likely result in our deaths, so we try to be as vigilant as possible in reducing our risks. We're lucky enough to be able to have our groceries delivered and we decontaminate everything we can.
https://giphy.com/gifs/burn-ah-8D7FaGd2QIXG8
Well, they're still collecting the sales tax revenue, so there's that. But I think you might be on to something - they're going to hesitate in part for the same reasons that Amazon isn't paying taxes.  Also, probably some because people are using the services. But an uncomfortably large factor is going to be "Amazon is very rich and influential."
Never thought I would see Hideo Kojima on this sub. Will we ever get the missing missions in MGSV?
None of those things are new, and none of them are *funny*.
Indeed, but as someone with asthma, I can vouch for permanent lung damage being a much better option than shooting yourself and dying.
I'm here figuring out how tf fortnite made so much money
Well...yeah.

Civil rights groups' lawsuit seeks NC prison release to combat COVID-19

I’m all for minor offenders (weed/writing a bad check) being released. Those involved in robberies/assaults with or without weapons should stay inside because 99% they’re going to do it again and we shouldn’t have to live in fear of a. Iris and people invading our homes.

Winston-Salem church's Easter horn service silenced for first time in nearly 250 years due to COVID-19 pandemic

Sad to see one of the oldest traditions in America disrupted, but props to this church for doing the right thing.

[OC] North Carolina COVID-19 Deaths - Top 3 counties

Are NC’s + case #s relatively due to 1. comparably low actual #s, 2. low levels of testing, 3. some luck with the higher population density Mecklenburg County and RTP area initiating stay-at-home plans earlier than the state and some people abiding by the policies, 4. some  combination of #s 1, 2 and 3? 5. Other?  Similarly, to what extent are the # of reported COVID19 deaths in NC legitimate? Or, potentially relatively low due to some untested people dying and cause of death identified as flu, pneumonia or other respiratory diseases? Additionally, untested people dying due to COVID19 causing cytokine storm deaths and cause of death simply being reported as cardiac arrest, heart attack?
All valid questions. I can only go with officially reported numbers. I posted an enhanced map, overlaid with population centers based on 2010 census, showing cities & towns with more than 10k population. Johnston county looks like an outlier.

[OC] North Carolina COVID-19 Deaths - Top 3 counties (Updated - overlaid the map with population centers)
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/pjyz8ldzwas41.jpg?width=1280&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=34cc60ee972f7af307be02b38fef5f54a4b31090

Charlotte woman hadn’t left her house in 3 weeks but tested positive for COVID-19. Merely Touched package delivered by someone who also tested positive.

I'm all for people in NC taking this more seriously, but this is a horribly misleading caption.  The article notes she was also in contact with her husband, a woman delivering groceries, and a pharmacist.
No fucking way was it the delivery this is so misleading. Her husband is still going out. Fucking clickbait.
The headline wouldn't generate as many clicks as "Charlotte woman had only come into contact with 2 people in 3 weeks but tested positive for COVID-19."

Does anyone know if this is real? Found on COVID 19 Facebook page

Sure looks real and there is a lot of retirement aged people in that county. And what the health manager has to say does make total sense that covid is there and to prepare and act accordingly. It's hard to get tested in North Carolina unless very sick already
Why don't you try the Moore County Health Department website instead of reddit or Facebook...
This is the best answer.   To answer OP, YES. The letter is posted here: https://www.moorecountync.gov/images/departments/health/press-release-archive/2020/PR_No_Further_COVID19_Testing_For_LT_Care_In_Moore.pdf
It's literally the first link under "coronavirus information" on the Moore County health department main webpage. https://www.moorecountync.gov/health

Coronavirus Outbreak Timelapse January 20 to April 13 Covid 19 Spread Distribution By Continents


*UNEMPLOYMENT* COVID 19 Economic Support Working Group meets tomorrow!
IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT COULD IMPACT YOUR CLAIM! Tomorrow the N.C. House Select Committee on COVID-19 Economic Support Working Group will once again convene for a remote meeting regarding economic issues impacting N.C. due to COVID-19. This will be the fourth such meeting since March 31, 2020 and they are yet to make any legitimate or measurable progress on unemployment claims due to COVID. These committee members are our representatives, the ones we have been calling on for help and after looking at the agenda for tomorrow's meeting it is obvious they are not listening. They’ve been busy drafting legislation on many economic issues impacted by COVID 19 but the unemployment claims process is still being ignored!We need to be heard and deserve to be heard. I am asking each of you to start **emailing** these committee members (will provide a link to these members) TONIGHT and indefinitely until they make unemployed North Carolinian's a priority. I am asking that you start **calling** individual committee members TOMORROW morning starting at 8 a.m. I am asking that you **submit public comments** to be read and heard at the meeting. Tell them your story, tell them they need to fight for us! The whole unemployment system needs to be reformed through emergency action! There has to be other options! The CARES Act gives the states the ability to find these additional options, to hire more and gives the right to implement what is needed to get claims processed quickly and efficiently.  When you contact committee members…demand that reform to the unemployment claims process be put on the agenda NOW! Demand they find a quick solution to the call center issue NOW! You can also fill out a form for public comments that will be part of tomorrow’s meeting. I will add a link to a list of committee members and their contact information as well as the link to submit public comments. I know this is a last minute request, but lets do what we can! They will meet again soon, so let’s make our voices be heard! Share this post to help make others aware. We can make a difference!  [https://www.ncleg.gov/Committees/CommitteeInfo/House/199#Membership](https://www.ncleg.gov/Committees/CommitteeInfo/House/199?fbclid=IwAR2fglpp-OiAwD91bNGnMHa9MZFF1AW9Jye0VxpdXlOXSEC-qidCzuioeCs#Membership)  [https://www.ncleg.gov/Files/Committees/2019/House/COVID-19/WorkingGroups.pdf](https://www.ncleg.gov/Files/Committees/2019/House/COVID-19/WorkingGroups.pdf?fbclid=IwAR0W7TWN3Tzq4B0PQh-Ij-lj283msvu7gVINSlt3ST7JWMQT9izOdieS7iY)  [https://www.ncleg.gov/RequestForComments/33](https://www.ncleg.gov/RequestForComments/33?fbclid=IwAR2PM0KNmxKOMqZ8JS4Q8WF9F0MCRWsSSaVkXEaBO9xPvKaa9n2XcfG175Q)https://preview.redd.it/gzf3bini4ps41.jpg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=089a135c01e1c4769074a6da484e99920751c4d9
I hope that they will be including tax paying Freelance / Sole Proprietors (many of us are not incorporated) that have lost any hope of work, possibly for up to a year. Many Freelance people may have a mix of W2 and also 1099 income, but are still not an employee of the W2 company, with benefits.  Our W2 money goes into the system, but because we are literally the employees of convenience, we don't actually count as a "regular employee", that is either FT, or PT. We are the limbo employees... The mere cost burden of having private health insurance, is my most expensive bill, every month (I am not married or am on someone's insurance).  We need recognition and help!
Has anyone got anyone on the phone yet with the unemployment office? Been trying since March 24th to contact someone as they can’t verify my identity. 🧐
[See this flow chart!](https://i.imgur.com/3RcdGqW.png)  On April 25th those that are self-employed, etc will be able to apply for FUA. They will most likely be eligible for PUA even if they are not eligible for state UI benefits. Hope this helps you!
That’s me! I lost a W2 part time income and two 1099 incomes that are sporadic but I string it all together to make it work. I filled out my application and it just says ineligible, and then had two things “pending resolution” (basically that I lost my job(s) due to COVID  Despite all that the system reminds me to file my weekly certification (I do) someone in this group provided an email to customer service and I emailed them with questions.   Sigh. Hoping for some resolution soon.
You can upload a pic of your NCDL and SS card to "My Documents" in order to satisfy this.
Thank you, I've not been hearing anything, so any information is greatly appreciated.
Did that 2 weeks ago but still not able to verify.
Yes, under PUA you would be eligible.

Protesters call for North Carolina businesses to reopen amid COVID-19 pandemic
https://www.cbs17.com/community/health/coronavirus/protestors-call-for-north-carolina-businesses-to-reopen-amid-covid-19-pandemic/
What they need to protest is NC's abysmal unemployment insurance situation.
I think there’s definitely a level of overoptimism when it comes to reopening. Reopening too soon runs the risk of having to shut down again if there are confirmed cases at the establishment. Which would likely hurt the businesses more as they’re not only having to make up for lost time and money but now add the cost of cleaning and any new wasted resources. And while the population is definitely interested in going out I don’t think consumers would be as eager to actually go to things with so much uncertainty. I’d love to go the movies but the idea of sitting in uncleaned seats with crowds of some people who don’t cover their mouths when they cough, don’t wash their hands or stay at home when they’re sick is unappealing right now.
Plot Twist: At least 5 of these dolts will test positive within the next two weeks.
I was strongly in favor of social distancing and taking the necessary precautions, but then I heard that freedom is not free. It's a phrase that is entirely relevant to our situation, and not at all meaningless in this context, and that's why I'm going to own the libs and now only eat food that other people have coughed on.
Fucking idiots.
Mark my words.  We are going to find out in a few months that this stupid hashtag that the muh freedom crowd has latched onto will have been started by Russians.
Jesus christ, the chyron in the story reads "NC sees deadliest day amid covid-19 pandemic as deaths surpass 100".
Nice to see they are staying 6 feet apart.
The day after the most deaths due to CoRoNaViRuS?
To reopen right now would be a slap in the face of everyone who has done what they can to keep everyone safe. When I hear people complain it's not that bad we've only had X amount of deaths or the flu kills more people I want to scream. That means what we're doing is working! My mom the other day was back on her COVID-19 is a hoax I don't know anyone with it and don't know anyone who knows anyone who died from it so it can't be real but refuses to realize that's because we've closed things down. Open everything back up and you effectively will kill thousands. It drives me insane.   In someways I want to go tell these idiots to go lick door handles at Wal-Mart in other ways I just feel sorry for them being unable to use logical and critical thinking.
[They must go to this church.](https://kutv.com/news/coronavirus/defiant-pastor-who-vowed-to-hold-services-until-in-jail-or-hospital-dies-of-coronavirus)
I think they should have keep their butts home and do what needs to be done so WE ALL can get our lives back.  Is going out doing this worth your life or one of the KIDS that were out with their parents.  No one wants to be home and out of work.  But I don't want my kids, myself or my parents and friends to die either.
Re-opening prematurely is the worst possible response to this outbreak. Understandable given unemployment benefits in this state are a cruel joke, but the point stands.
Behold the ‘my direct deposit is hella more important than your health ‘ species.
Everyone that doesn’t like the idea should just stay home then. It’s easy. Let us resume our life...y’all stay home.
ReopenNC
You can do that by voting for democrats in November.  The DES is in shambles because of all of the cuts Republican leadership have made.  Last summer I had to draw unemployment for a few months, the system is laughably shitty and the benefits are a joke.
1000 X ^^^ this!
Why don’t you just pull yourself up by your bootstraps?
You wouldn't need unemployment insurance if Cooper didn't shut down the economy.
> We need a moratorium on rent and mortgages, we need food and supplies delivered to the most vulnerable, we need covid-related medical testing and treatment to be completely free for everyone, we need hazard pay for essential workers, and what did we get? A measly $1200 check that some of us won't get for months.  I'm pissed about that too. Governments move slowly, fine, but we're talking about people's lives here. You can't order people to make sacrifices and then reward them by acting like they need to fend for themselves.  And I'd love for us all to get back outside and for businesses to not go bust, but we can't do it all at once. It's impractical to keep everything shut down until there's a vaccine, so the next best thing is comprehensive testing and contact tracing. If our leaders were serious they'd be laser-focused on getting more testing supplies.
I don't know man, that sounds an awful lot like socialism, and Venezuala is bad amirite? Sounds like we just need to pull ourselves up by our bootstraps with some moxie and get American back to work^TM !  People unironically believe everything I just said and think that we can just open the country back up to fix the economy without a massive recession. Even if every state opened full bore today, we'd be sticking a bandaid on a shotgun wound; economists have been calling for this downfall for a while and then covid happened. Not to mention the hundreds of thousands/millions that would die from that action. If this kind of reaction from the ruling class and their bootlickers doesn't shake people from their temporarily embarrassed millionaire mindset then I don't fucking know what will.
> Ending the quarantine right now is the worst possible outcome. It would mean all the work we've done so far would be for nothing and thousands would die unnecessarily.  Sure, but that's a sacrifice they are willing to make, so they can go sit down and eat at Applebees.
>I get that lots of companies are shutting down and people need income to pay rent/bills/survive.  That’s an understatement. If it were only that easy.  >We need a moratorium on rent and mortgages,  Let’s take this part as an example. This seems eloquent enough. Just a blanket moratorium. Ok, what happens when the moratorium is lifted? Do all these people owe a balloon payment? Are we just wiping the debt? How do the landlords pay the utilities, taxes, staff, etc without rental income?   The banks don’t own the mortgages....they are securiterized and owned by millions of people, especially retirees, who use the interest to pay for aides, assisted living, medical expenses, prescriptions, etc. Do they go hungry? Do they go without?   That’s the problem...by plugging one hole you create 7 more. We are so interconnected and intertwined and we love to vilify anyone that is not in our situation.
*next two days
> I'm going to own the libs and now only eat food that other people have coughed on.  Lol wut
savage
r/CovIdiots
Indeed. & also assholes...
They need to arrest them & make them quarantine 14 days in jail.
"Oh no, it's November and the 'Rona is back! What should we do?"  "Da. It is truly a shame. We should cancel the elections, comrade--I mean, bro. Vodka?"
Hey now, Stupid^® is an All-American product; we don't need to import that.
1. Nope. We have plenty of homegrown morons for this. 'Sovereign Citizens' are stupid enough to count as 10 morons apiece!  2. Jesus fucking christ enough with the russia brainworms.
Wonder how that’s going to pan out in the workplace.
I swear our local lowes is ground zero for us
That's just not how epidemiology works...
You wouldn't be resuming it long, and you're likely to kill people with this stupidity. So, gonna go with "that's a terrible idea."
And, who are you gonna re-open for if we all stay home? Let me offer a hypothesis... you lot will re-open. There will be no business because the majority of the population are not idiotic vultures. Then, you will be screaming about a 'a bailout'. Neat trick. And, considering how my beloved state has operated in the last decade or so, it might work.  At least until the next election, eh?
If someone paid you to stay home, would you then be happy to stay home?  Just curious.
Which relative of yours are you cool with burying? Seriously, be specific. Name (in your mind) a person you know and like who you're cool with putting in the ground in the name of economic growth? Who's least valuable among your loved ones, if you got the privilege of choosing?
Will you be our first volunteer?
Join them
You go ahead, go hang out with all your Trump-loving buddies. We need less fools.
Rumor has it that COVID-19 causes good, Christian women to spontaneously abort their unborn babies.      Or not, but do you really want to take the chance that you are advocating for the murder of innocent babies?
My man!
Will do.
Don’t you know that requires effort??
You also don't need it if you're dead.
>I don't know man, that sounds an awful lot like socialism, and Venezuala is bad amirite?   Yes.
We have to save Applebee's, though! For FREEDOM.   Edit: /s
Yes.  If other people want to be cautious, they can stay quarantined. But I'm done with this bullshit. I'm glad OP alerted me to this group, now I have people to protest with.
I can't tell if this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen, or some kind of performance art.
Bold of you both to assume a test kit for them exists.
Pretty sure that was satire :)
Thank you!
But they are letting people out of the jails!😂
I feel for you. My mom believes it's all a hoax and a big lie to ruin DJTs re-election. Yeaaaah mom they shut down the world for the US election. Not gonna even start with the conspiracy theories she believes and some of the heated arguments it's causing us right now. I really wish I could revoke her social media and YouTube privilege.
I'll answer that.  It would depend on what I'm being paid to stay home and do.  My job?  I'm doing so now, but I know this can't continue if the economy collapses.  Do nothing and get money from the government?  No, because money will soon be worth less than blank sheets of paper.
You fucking name someone you're willing to let die, then. Every increase in the unemployment rate leads to an increase in deaths of despair.  Further, vulnerable people can still quarantine, the rest of us shouldn't have to.
Sure, I’d be glad to go back to work tomorrow.
Sir, you better hope we can get back to work!  How else will you and your kind survive?  Who will pay for your existence?  Think about it!
Less babies?
It’s probably about as likely to do that as it is to make a significant dent in the average daily death toll in North Carolina, so let’s roll the dice and see what happens.
Keeping the economy closed kills people too. Deaths of despair are inversely proportional with macroeconomic factors.
I heard the grocery stores are hiring. You could get hired there and say no to the Trump socialism checks he is handing out!
Plenty of places hiring. How about you pull yourself up by your bootstraps and get a job instead of pulling us all into death with you.
Unironically responding to my sarcasm. +1 chud points for you.
The whole point of this is to take the pressure off of our health care system.  This virus is not a hoax, it's not fake news, it's very real and it is killing people.  Right now, I have mother who suffers from Alzheimer's disease and my father, who is her primary caregiver, is a type 2 diabetic, if either of them contract this virus, it will kill them.  The stay at home order is designed to protect people like them.  Here's the best part, if they get sick and die, neither myself nor my two brothers will be allowed to visit them in the hospital due to isolation protocols.  They'll die alone.  That's a reality that is playing out all over the country right now.  You think I want to be stuck inside for another month?  No, but if it can save the lives of my parents or the lives of someone else's parents, I'll stay inside for a fucking year.
It's so hard to tell anymore.
Oh dear
Nobody, if we can help it. Which can be accomplished by providing economic support and access to medical treatment. We can make it easier to provide that medical treatment by making sure our hospitals don't get badly overwhelmed by failing to take action to reduce our rate of infection. An extremely straightforward position, one you'd think would be damn near impossible to misconstrue without a lot of effort.
Grocery store or hospitals need help.
Me too
I find it funny that you value thinking when your politics indicate anything else.   I hope we get back to work as soon as possible, but overwhelming the hospitals and triggering a second wave is the worst way to do that. It sucks, but this is the least bad option.  What you should be concerned about is why this is the least bad option. 40 years of conservative politics has eroded any kind of safety net and at the same time pushed low- and middle- income families to the point that this natural disaster is crushing instead of crippling. There is a reason that people have a difficult time saving and buying property and it isn’t avocado toast. Pair that with an astounding lack of leadership from your guy, and add a dash of shuttering anything that would’ve prepared us for this, you get this clusterfuck.    Natural disasters are always bad. Destroying anything that would mitigate them takes the effects from being (did I repeat myself?) crippling to being crushing. The right leadership would’ve made us much more resilient. Your anger is appropriate but your target isn’t. Your beef should be with these antiAmerican “small government” conservative shitbags. They’re the ones that set us up for failure. Think about it!
Fewer blastocytes?
No thanks.  I was hoping pulling the dead fetus card would help, since you all don't really care about people after they are born.      I know people who are in the higher risk pool of dying from COVID-19, so let's not roll the dice.
Yea, "roll the dice" until you or your partner or kid or parent gets it. I'll fucking bet you'll change your tune then.
“I don’t understand simple biology concepts so let’s see if I’m right. No big of I’m wrong just thousands of lives but let’s be real here idc about them I want to make my mustang payment.”
There are countries all over the world that will shut down their economies and still find a way to make their citizens lives livable until we can figure out a medical solution to this problem. It’s not like the richest country in the world is incapable of doing the same thing.   If you want to sacrifice yourself for stock valuations go nuts. I’ll wait it out.
Sorry, it's just that I like eating food.
>Nobody, if we can help it.   Keeping the economy shut down will absolutely lead to more suicides and overdoses. Saying that we can prevent them entirely is just as disingenuous as saying reopening the economy wouldn't lead to any excess deaths "if we can help it."
And they're hiring!
I’m still employed and working from home but I’m ready to go back.  I firmly believe shutting down the economy like this is going to have much worse effects on the country than the virus itself.
Well I'm going to strongly disagree with the notion that "small government" set us up for this, particularly since our government has grown so bloated they don't even know for sure how many administrative agencies they've created.  But good luck!
I'm running for governor, my whole platform is based on eliminating the massive influx of blastocytes, can I count on your vote?
Then those people are free to continue self quarantining.  Everyone wins!
Bad things happen.  It’s an unfortunate situation.  We average 8000 deaths a day in this country.  We can only mitigate so much before we do irreparable damage to other industries besides medical.
Yes, I’m sure your staggering education would put mine to shame.  Meanwhile, I’d like to get back to work.
You can have food and a social safety net, healthcare, union jobs, etc. Even a variety of food; check out Sweden and Norway. And Germany for that matter.
really? cause every grocery store weve been too has been fresh out of a lot of food and other staples. meat and toilet paper specifically.  its hilarious people like you keep blurting "GOMMUNISM NO FOOD LOL" yet in this most powerful capitalist society, the shining diamond of privatization that is the USA, our shelves are fucking bare during this pandemic.  just goes to show you how fragile our system truly is. wheres all the endless bounties? seems like theres plenty of stupid tech bullshit and plastic junk to go around regardless but we both know you cant eat that.  capitalism is showing just how ineffectual it truly is.
Way to ignore literally everything I said. You just find out poor people exist and their lives are hard?   No, that's not it. They just became convenient to your argument, whether because you hate being inconvenienced or you're foolish enough to think you're gonna be rich if only, if only.
fuck that i’ll make more on unemployment
So how many deaths are acceptable to you? And as u/Kradget said, which family members do you consider expendable? Just remember, the number of deaths would have been MUCH less had our current administration bothered to listen to the doctors, scientists and intelligence about C19, instead of calling it a hoax. So, how many? What are your professional qualifications to make a decision like this? Are you a doctor? An epidemiologist? An undertaker? Or is it just "intuition" as Orangeman said?
Fuck the economy, I'd rather have people not dying.  Would you volunteer your life for a buck?
Hey, you might be onto something. I wonder why aren't any prominent epidemiologists or doctors taking up this idea? Maybe it's because that's not how epidemiology works and we shouldn't listen to people who barely scraped by in high school biology.
Too fucking bad.
>Way to ignore literally everything I said.   Because everything you said is either not going to happen, or would be prohibitively expensive at a time when money is even more scarce than usual. If you're going to operate in a fantasy world, then I should be able to as well and say no one will die if we reopen.
Are you talking about Dr. Fauci’s statements last night, when he said the first time he and Dr. Birx made a formal recommendation to Trump about social distancing, he agreed?  No, it sounds like you’re just desperate to blame Trump.  I’m not blaming anyone.  The virus happened, we’ll have been in place for a month at the end of April, let’s move on.
I’ll gladly take my chances with this particular virus, based on what we’ve seen thus far.  I’m not trying to force the obese, the elderly, and diabetics out into the public square.  I’m just saying we all can’t hide at home indefinitely for them, and I’m ready to go back.
Magat:.     Then those people are free.     To continue self quarantining.   Everyone is winning.             Chorus:  It must be nice.     It must be nice.       To have Jesus on your side.     To choose to die.     Or choose who dies.     We don't have to choose a side.              Sorry, just finished Hamilton
Well I’m sure this work stoppage has had no effect on you.  It makes your position even more confusing, since you need producers to keep you afloat.  But good luck!
They're currently doing economic supports. Not enough, really, but we did just give away a trillion dollars worth of revenue year before last, so if we're short on funding, that's a problem of priorities. If that's insufficient, that's something to take up with your legislators. We have terrible unemployment benefits here - that's something to bring up to the General Assembly. They make the rules on that. They're also sitting on a couple billion dollars, by the way. Which they held on to instead of improving our healthcare system, or even DES. For an emergency. Which we're apparently not in yet?  That you don't understand the causes of the problems you're worried about (or means of addressing them) does not make those real things the same as this bullshit about how we can re-open everything and it won't cause that big a problem. It won't change that we already know the effects of poverty, and a half dozen ways to mitigate it (which we've chosen, as a society, not to use). I also suggest you check on how New York and New Jersey are doing, if you think this is the worst it gets. Maybe Spain or Italy, too.  Weird. All of a sudden, a bunch of our conservatives discovered poverty is bad, but still think the solution is the system that it had been growing steadily under for four decades or better.
I think they're talking about how, months after the virus was identified, there was an insistence that it was not a threat and that there was no need to take any significant action to limit it, including for weeks after it was verifiably here. And, of course, bearing in mind that the medical, scientific, and intelligence communities have known this was coming since at least January.  Did you decide who your sacrifice is yet? Mammon hungers.
And a month is not long enough. Yes, Fauci did agree. THE FIRST TIME. He knows enough to change his viewpoint when presented with more information. Sadly, Trump does not, except to get upset that more people aren't thanking him for the fantastic job he's done. Yes, blame does need to be laid here. But with that blame, common sense (which you are not exhibiting) needs to play a big part too.
I'm diabetic. I need to go to the pharmacy to get my medicine *to keep me alive.* And people running around with the virus, whether they know it or not, because some idiot decided it was a good idea to set people loose, could literally mean that **I. FUCKING. DIE.**   My wife & family have to deal with that.  My friends have to deal with that.  The hospitals, paramedics, health professionals have to deal with that.   My life will end.  I will not be a part of this Earth anymore.  I will be gone.  Because you want to go to work.
You havee dangerously underestimated this virus.    It does not discriminate.
It actually does impact me. I’m a responsible adult so I will be ok financially for the foreseeable future but it certainly affects everyone when you suddenly stop making money, which both my wife and I have. And neither of us qualifies for unemployment.   But I’m not a piece of human garbage who thinks my lifestyle is more important than my neighbor’s health and lives.
No, I’m saying the first time Fauci and Birx told Trump we should institute social distancing, Trump agreed.  I’m not referring to Fauci’s previous position that the virus wasn’t an issue and most Americans didn’t need to change their routine.  Either way, that’s all water under the bridge at this point.  We need a plan going forward, and just sitting at home hoping the government will keep sending out checks isn’t going to cut it.  Open up for those of us that want to take our chances, then everyone else can join shortly thereafter.
Why are you going to the pharmacy yourself when you're in a high risk group?  Why not send your wife?  Why are you getting out of your car instead of using the drive-through pharmacy window?  If you don't care enough about your own life to take reasonable, but inconvenient precautions to save your own life, if you can't convince your own wife to be inconvenienced to save your life, why do you expect total strangers to adjust their lives for you?
Why do you think I want to go to work?  For laughs?  No, I want to go to work because industries run the risk of collapse if we don't do so.  I'm sorry about your condition, but the world can't stop turning due to a virus with such a low mortality rate.  If the economy collapses, my industry dies, and then my family is at serious risk.
Right, right.  I guess all these other people who might want to stay employed and making gains can hope for the best, then.  I’m fortunate enough to be able to work from home, but I’m not willing to sit back and tell all these people who have lost their jobs they can just deal with it.  It’s always the other people who are doing things out of greed and for lifestyle.  Guess they should all just follow your example!
Yes and the ones that "take our chances" are the ones that will spread it back among everyone else. I just don't see why that is so hard to understand.
What do you know about my life? What do you know about my wife? Why should I endanger her?  Just because you're an asshole does not mean you should be allowed to run around with all of your asshole buddies destroying all of the progress that the rest of reasonable society has made in fighting this disease.
You ate today? You got your cell phone? You’re not dead?  Stfu I don’t care.
Why will they spread it?  If you want to stay home, continue to do so.  Nothing changes for you.
Right.  You want to use the power of government to force and arrests so other people will change their lives so you're not inconvenienced.  But I'm the asshole.
Man go fuck yourself, I'm done listening to your stupidity.
Yes it does, because people do have to go out for ESSENTIAL things- food, medical, etc. Idiots that haven't been distancing are present in all of the places that people who have been doing it right have to go. So yes, it will get spread and things will change. You are blind to the science if you can't understand that.
It changes for everyone when hospitals are overrun and every minor sickness that is easily treated in normal times becomes a death sentence because you can’t get medical care.   You really a non thinking moron. Thank god you’re not in charge.
I want to use the power of government to jackhammer common sense into your tiny, ichthyic fucking brain! Goddamnit! People of reason should be as irrationally pissed off as I am, and I don't know why they aren't. Oh, maybe they're bullied into simply stating cold, bland factual data rather than getting riled up, because when they do get angry, early hominids like you, knuckles still scratched and bloody from the ground, shout them down (bum-bum-bum intellectuals BAD) from the highest perch they can find! All the while, you troglodytes bow down to your corporate overlords in a singlular display of fealty & dedication, while they actively take wealth & health from you and your families to hoard like so much toilet paper in their ivory goddamn fucking shit-piled towers!  Edit: For not thinking of your fellow human beings? Yes. Yes you absolutely are the asshole.
Yes you can go back to lobbying for the wholesale slaughter of your countrymen in the name of your lifestyle now.
No.  I am not going to agree to cower at home because some people are susceptible to this illness (and evidently a much larger portion of the populace isn't).  They are free to stay at home and distance themselves.  I am not wiling to tell the rest of society they have to give up their livelihoods, jobs, and fiscal gains for that.
>I want to use the power of government to jackhammer common sense into your tiny, ichthyic fucking brain!  You should probably look to getting those meds filled after all.  Or maybe try yoga.  All that hate and anger can't be good for you.
You are a selfish, arrogant person but I really hope you don't get sick, because you'll spread it a lot further than if you followed sound, logical advice to stay home. Stay safe.
Tried to stay out of it...  "Evidently" my ass! Evidently implies that there is evidence. There are not enough fucking tests to give **anyone** the amount of evidence needed to know how large a portion of the populace is susceptible to this virus. The more idiots who are running around carefree and brainless, the more people who know better are forced into dropping their social guards, lest they lose everything and everyone dear to them. You end up forcing people to get sick (& inevitably spread it many others), because you don't like working from home. That is the very definition of [Narcissistic Personality Disorder!](https://psychcentral.com/disorders/narcissistic-personality-disorder/)
Well I hope none of you get it either, but this is just not the apocalyptic scenario it was originally painted to be.  Families and individuals should decide how to best go about protecting themselves.  For me, based on the statistics, the best bet is to go back to work, and to make sure my entire industry doesn't collapse (at which point my family is at a much more serious risk than they are from this virus).
If there were more tests, that would work AGAINST your argument, since that would show even more people are infected, and there still is such a low mortality rate.
You really don't care about anyone but yourself, do you? Welcome to the new America...stfu
Brilliant.  As I said, good luck to you, but I'm not willing to risk the future of my family for such a low percentage virus.
However, you're perfectly willing to risk my future (life), the future of my family, and by extension, everyone around me; as well as others like me.   Again, [Narcissistic personality disorder](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/narcissistic-personality-disorder/symptoms-causes/syc-20366662)
I’m not actively wishing you harm.  I’m advising you to continue to stay home.  YOUR response (shutting down everything for who knows how long) is much more dangerous, in my opinion.  But I’m not trying to change your mind, just stating my position.
I'll quote someone else from this thread, "That's not how epidemiology works," and just leave it at that.  Edit: quote

7-year-old NC boy runs backyard 'marathon' to raise money for hospitals, nonprofits during COVID-19 pandemic

A marathon backward?  That is extreme devotion.  I applaud him.

7-year-old NC boy runs backyard 'marathon' to raise money for hospitals, nonprofits during COVID-19 pandemic

That's it.  Two subreddits, and now you can't even bother to check to see if you've submitted your own link to the subreddit you're in.  Goodbye.

More than 75 COVID-19 cases reported at Citadel nursing home in Rowan County, officials say

Nursing homes around the country are being ravaged.  But there seems to be no plan in place to try to prevent that from happening in the state.
Mamaw and Papaw are not going to come out of this well. It's a damn shame.
Sadly, there are so many ways for the virus to make it's way in. Staff probably does not have adequate supply of PPE, cleaning materials due to hoarders and or not being prepared. On top of that, you have elderly that do not believe and might visit with family. The place didn't lock down and allowed family visits. Or was just slow to respond because the director was getting his/her news from from some shady outfit calling it a hoax. You got an employee(s) with virus and no symptoms spreading it around.

Doctor NAILS IT: “Don’t Be A Smart-Ass For Not Taking Coronavirus Seriously. A Few Doctors Have Died For YOU To Help Your Family.”


Doctor “You don’t know you hit the peak until you go down. You don’t know when you are your hottest until you turn ugly. Take Coronavirus seriously.”


A vegan company lost more than 10% of its workforce after it gave employees 24 hours to decide whether to keep working during the coronavirus pandemic or quit

This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
I'm not sure what the company expected people to do. Have shitty business practices, have no employees.
Only 10%. This is the real problem with labor movement’s. No solidarity.
Same Company just like a month ago whose employees voted against creating a Union. It was posted all over the place. And the fact that the source of this report also came from some Union website just shows that a lot of the motivation behind this article is revenge. In the last article the company was accused of union busting.  I really couldn't care less what happens to this company or its employees. Frankly tired of hearing about the drama from both. They literally only employ like 50\~60 people.
That letter was insane. Good for the employees.
I hadn’t heard of this company until about a month when it got posted here.... and yet I still cringe at their company name.
What would have been a better alternative for the company?
Give them the middle finger and work somewhere else. Shitty place to work if you ask me.
As a Tar Heel vegetarian that is mostly vegan, screw the owners! Fucking bastards
Good for the 10%. I am impressed by that. For real!
Bingo. Friend of mine used to work at a company that always did a company wide drug test a couple weeks before a round of layoffs.
We pay into unemployment as well.
Can’t upvote this enough. Our state already treats its workers like shit, and too many assume that’s how it will always be. You own your labor- act like it.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Or just dont do drugs lol
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com

UPDATE: Coronavirus projections for NC; unemployment insurance; U.S. Corps of Engineers - Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/fayyj3ut19q41.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=cf68a0fa17e9cc47975cfd1dd8b290d0db16221e**CURRENT STATS (as of 4/1 at 2:00 p.m.)**1,600+ cases26,000+ tests completed200+ hospitalizations10 deathsNC has roughly 2,800 ventilators (more on the way) with 2,100 currently available&#x200B;[The bend at the top looks encouraging but it may be the result of only having half a day's data at this point.](https://preview.redd.it/8rvk9ysu19q41.png?width=1365&format=png&auto=webp&s=5dc1ca66389ded0a7132a016345475629fcb87d0)**HOW BAD WILL THIS BE IN NC?**There’s a new estimate of how bad this is likely to get in NC and I want to share it with you - not because I’m certain it’s completely accurate, but because it’s the best effort that’s been made public and it gives us at least a sense of what we’re in for.[Source: Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation](https://preview.redd.it/rwxcwfcw19q41.jpg?width=750&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1eac754b219c501066119836fd7bc29e326ddde8)This is a chart of the expected demand for ICU beds in North Carolina and it basically says that if we keep doing what we’re doing - keep schools and non-essential businesses closed and keep our stay home order in place - then we’re going to hit peak infection in late April.The dotted line shows that we may be on course to exceed our ICU bed capacity (which is actually a little bit higher than this chart depicts - we've got about 800 currently available). But the shaded area is essentially the margin of error for the prediction, so we’ve got a wide range between not exceeding capacity and dramatically exceeding it - which would mean a spike in the mortality rate.What does this tell us? It tells us **we still have the time and ability** to minimize the loss of life in our state.To be blunt: We are not going to have widespread testing. There are lots of reasons for that - none of which have to do with our state and all of which have to do with the federal response - but it’s a reality. We’re still using tests and they're very important, but we're not going to test our way out of this like South Korea did. We just didn't get enough test kits fast enough.But - despite that major setback - it’s still possible to minimize the loss of life in our state by making sure we don’t max out the ICU beds. We just have to take social distancing very seriously for the next several weeks. In this model, OUR BEHAVIOR is the biggest variable. How seriously WE take this will ultimately determine the mortality rate.**Quick List*** We’ve only received 17% of the PPE that we requested from the federal government. That’s not good, and it’s why we’re sourcing from everywhere we can find and working with North Carolina manufacturers to switch production to PPE if at all possible.* The state’s unemployment insurance website and call center are still facing a nightmarish traffic jam as they get slammed with 50x the normal traffic, but we are adding servers and contracted with an additional call center to help field calls. If you’re having serious trouble, please fill out this customer contact form: [https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form](https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form).* Regarding the federal unemployment benefit that just passed, it will be administered by the state. We’re still waiting on implementation guidance from the federal Department of Labor, at which point benefits will be paid in about two weeks. Independent contractors and people who are self-employed will qualify for the federal benefit - they do not currently qualify for the state benefit. I know the state website isn’t set up to receive applications from people who are contractors or self-employed and that’s part of what we need to fix. If you fall into this category, just file the application as best you can.* Gov. Cooper’s new executive order means no one can shut off your electricity, gas, or water for at least the next 60 days.* The U.S. Corps of Engineers is helping us scout for places that could be used as hospital expansions.* We've launched a hotline to help critical workers connect with child care (888-600-1685).Stay strong. WE CAN DO THIS.More updates soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Someone says it every time, but still. Thank you for these posts!
Thanks Mr. Jackson for the info.  Hopefully the call centers for Unemployment will be up an running soon.  Myself and others have had pending issues on their accounts for 2+ weeks now but cannot get through via the current phone system to discuss to possibly resolve.
Thank you Sen. Jackson for the info.   Just to be clear....independent contractors should still try to file now for unemployment benefits even though its not completely setup yet?
Thank you for the data-oriented response, Senator. It's nice to see.  > The U.S. Corps of Engineers is helping us scout for places that could be used as hospital expansions.  How can those of us with expertise help out as the hospitals start to fill up? I'm a medical lab worker and used to be a certified EMT. While I'm no doctor, I'd be willing to volunteer as needed.
Come on North Carolina! We can do it! Also, thank you healthcare workers!!!!
Thank you for continuing to post these. In a world with wild media speculation and propaganda, this is where I have been coming for facts related to NC.  Please make sure your hotline is aware of Camp Hope, a childcare program for essential workers set up by YMCA of the Triangle. More info at the link below:   https://www.ymcatriangle.org/essential
Thank you Senator.
How is ventilator access projected?
You are amazing! Thank you so much for these updates and your transparency.
The never opened Lidl in Eden, NC is almost across the street from the Hospital.  It is a complete building with cooking and food storage (freezer and coolers) just waiting for a purpose.
Just a layman...crunching numbers all day. NC is absolutely in a favorable position to be one of the least impacted states.   We don't have to become overrun. We can avoid tent hospitals and refrigerated trucks full of citizens.  I really feel helpless as one person just spectating it from the sidelines...BUT I have to share my few observations.   Many states are headed into a condition as bad or worse than Italy has been. NY has greatly exceeded the per captia numbers in Italy and Spain.   Maybe interstate travel destroys any chance of keeping our numbers low...NO idea. Just saying if NC had 100% border control, control over our airports, like a small country, we would be one of the regions with the most promising looking statistics.   I wish we could hang on to this favorable position.  Some numbers from yesterday....   Cases per million people.      World: 110     USA: 570     Italy: 1750     Spain: 2000     South Korea: 190     New York: 3500     North Carolina: 125  [Here's a graph of some US states and other regions mentioned.](https://i.imgur.com/yDUB5bZ.jpg)
u/JeffJacksonNC,  I'd just like to tell you how much I appreciate you posting.  I'm not in your district, but I have heard exactly zero from any state or federal elected official who represent my area of the state, other than Gov. Copper's press conferences.  Without this, I would have little information from which to base decisions or to refer to help those I care about.  Thank you.    I'm in Harnett County and live in a subdivision that happens to be the largest community in the county with nearly 6,000 residents.  I  would love to share this on  our community's FB page to get the info out there.  Is there a non-Reddit version of this I can share?
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
North Carolina is so lucky to have you! These updated have been incredible every time I read one: concise, honest, and full of thoughtful advice showing you understand the biggest issues facing your constituents. From the bottom of my (not native but definitely now) North Carolinian heart, THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING THAT YOU DO FOR US <3
North Carolina has a very low mortality rate for Coronavirus suprisingly
I'm wondering how can we expect the federal government to supply PPE on mass scale? Being that none of us have ever seen anything like this in our lifetimes. Most medical facilities are private or private/non-profit. Wouldn't they normally get PPE from private corp suppliers? Should there be a much larger national stockpile of PPE even outside of a disaster? I can imagine on every level there will be a lot learned and changes  made to prepare for events like this in the future. This is a complete learning curve for the modern world.  I would think better planning in the future with private manufacturing corporations can make a difference. I would imagine patient negations are a large hurtle and slows down the process. If that was out of the way, they would be left with manufacturing solutions and logistics.  &#x200B;  Thank you!
A lot of people are very concerned about "pending" issues showing on their unemployment claims and are struggling to learn more about their issues. We have heard horror stories about people regularly getting denied unemployment and are fearful that will be the case for us, but with no one to speak to it is leaving many already anxious people beyond the pale.  What guidance or assurance can you provide to those who are still in limbo?
I signed up for unemployment and did the best I could, and have already done my first weekly certification, so they'll end up owing me starting last week, correct?  Even if you don't answer I'm pretty sure I'm right.  I'm sure you'll update us when the website is totally finished and you can change to being self-employed.  Thanks for the work you're doing, and consider proposing legislation that allows self-employed people to get and pay unemployment insurance in perpetuity, instead of just for this crisis. Contractors as well.
Thank you, Senator. Fantastic update, as always.   I feel like antibody testing is what will be needed to get us back to any kind of 'normalcy.' Is there any news on progress on that? Understanding just how many of us actually have this or have had it will play a big role in allowing the relaxation of these current requirements.
I know this is unrelated, and you must see a lot of it, but I feel the need to say it.  I'm not normally one to give two warm spits about politicians, and have never had a public figure I looked up to. Now I do. I'm not in your constituency, but I sincerely respect you, and thank you, for being and doing what a  senator is supposed to.   Seriously, thank you for being what an american is supposed to be.
So does this currently mean we might look at easing stay at home/social distancing guidelines at the end of April? Or do we wait it out through May as well?  edit: forgot to thank you for putting this info out there. So....thank you!
Thank you for serving the state and its people and not for being an asshat like Richard Burr
On top of everyone else fighting the good fight thank you for everything you have done to keep us in the loop and play your part. It does not go unnoticed.
I have found this site extremely helpful:  https://covid19.healthdata.org/  It is the IHME projections broken out by state and in easy to see graphs.
Thank you, Sen. Jackson for being so visible and providing greatly sought and needed public information. You are the representative this state needs and you have our backs; we’ve got yours in return. Thank you for your service.
I don't think I've ever been as impressed by an elected official as I am by your calm and consistent updates.
Is anyone else trying to setup up direct deposit to their Ally bank account and getting a "Routing Number does not exist" error? Ally is a pretty major bank with a huge office in Charlotte. How is their routing number not in the NC DES database?
Did I read that right? Only 800 ICU beds for the whole state?
Thanks Sen. Jackson for this info. I’m not sure how well we can make projections on our progress of “flattening the curve” without the denominator of tests per day.  This graph should really be displayed as a rate—positives/total tested on a daily basis.
As far as sourcing PPE masks has anyone gotten in touch with Brisco Apparel in Ramseur, NC.?
Thank you so much!!
Any time line on the guidance needed from the DoL?
Thank you Senator your hard work is appreciated and your advice heeded.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator! Can’t tell you how much you are appreciated
Thank you so much for your time posting to us. Direct, clear and informative. Always appreciated!!
Senator, this reminds me of how people came out of the wood works this past election; any chances we'll see some kind of correlation, in the sense that we may also end up underreporting unintentionally due to people not coming forth, what is your .02? Thanks.
Thank You Sen. Jackson but what are the requirements for unemployment?  I am submitting my unemployment as a person who over the past year worked part time while in community college and now the clinical rotations I need progress have been postponed due to COVID 19.  I have been looking for part time jobs but live at home with my mother who has breathing problems.  I used to work for Dominos delivering but cannot return without risking my mothers health.  She means more to me than unemployment; but my job history is not constant because i took time off to prepare for clinical's which would have started March 29th.  I am concerned I do not qualify for unemployment because I chose to work part time to help my family while searching for a career.  Do I qualify?  I live in Meck' Charlotte to clarify my district.  I do not know my right completely but if there is anyone senator I believe in at this point it is you Sen. Jackson.  Please make Washington and more importantly (IMO) Franklin pround
>We are not going to have widespread testing. There are lots of reasons for that - none of which have to do with our state and all of which have to do with the federal response...  I'd like to know what those reasons caused by federal response are.
Senator, can you offer any insight on whether the Governor will expand unemployment an additional 13 weeks as allowed in the CARES Act?  I work in HR for a manufacturer and essential supplier, and I'm trying to help employees understand and maximize available benefits.  We haven't had any layoffs, only reduced hours.  Thank you for your work!
My 12 week benefits ran out but I am still within my benefit year through July 18.  How do I "reactivate" my claim to get the extra 13 weeks / $600 per?
I just received new correspondence on the DES website, but they make you wait 24-48 before it is visible to view (why tell me you sent something if I can't see it?  Lol).  Any idea what the update is?  Thank you!
>Independent contractors and people who are self-employed will qualify for the federal benefit - they do not currently qualify for the state benefit. I know the state website isn’t set up to receive applications from people who are contractors or self-employed and that’s part of what we need to fix. If you fall into this category, just file the application as best you can.  /u/JeffJacksonNC: Should affected self-employed people apply now, or wait until the guidance is released and the website updated?
Senator, are pharma companies not working on coronavirus considered essential? Mine and many others say they are essential under "healthcare services."
The state of NC owns everything, even failures.  It's up to you to find solutions.  We are pulling for you.  God speed.
Senator, as always, this is great information.  Unfortunately we are up to 15 deaths in N.C. according to WRAL.  I believe today was our worst day.  I think it does change the projections slightly.
I don't know if he's a D, R, or I, but I know he is a public servant, and he's doing what I expect all public servants to do.
This. I have been trying every day for two weeks at least 10 times a day, and I haven’t gotten past the automated part where she hangs up on me.
I would.
Can't wait for him to run for whatever he wants, he'll get my vote. I wish more people in our state knew about him.
Create an account with [NC TERMS](https://terms.ncem.org/TRS/) (TRAINING · EXERCISE · RESPONSE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)  Thank you for offering your service.
Is that in Belmont? I went with my manager and helped re-build the boardwalk/dock there a couple years ago if it's the same place.
We're getting reports from hospitals about how many they have and how many are in use.
Our testing is shit so far. I thought we were doing really well until I crunched a few numbers earlier this week. It was all back of the envelope so I didn't save anything, but the numbers per capita were not good when looking at other states, especially when factoring the number of tests. (Sorry, I'm far too lazy to redo it)  NY's are so high because they tested a lot of people for a week or two. If we did that -- our numbers would not look so great.
He said above that there isn't going to be testing like there should be. Not testing keeps the number of confirmed cases low. Deceptively low.  Assume that everyone you see is asymptomatic and carrying this disease.
He also posts these to his Facebook, it'd be easiest to just share that post
Post screen shots to the group page. We just moved from where I think you’re talking about.
Yes, where’s our plan for testing to ramp up after this initial wave?  We’re all glad to do our part to save lives, but it definitely is putting pressure on everyone. We need a plan to return to normal life, but with the awareness testing can provide us.  Everyone needs to be able to be tested. Potentially multiple times. Otherwise we have to wait on a vaccine.
NC actually has a very low infection rate per capita as well.   Perhaps what everyone is doing is actually working or at least benefiting.   But beyond all that, NC doesnt have a very 'dense' population and public transportation isn't a big thing here, along with schools were closed very quickly.   Every little bit helps, and everyone needs to keep doing their part.
>I'm wondering how can we expect the federal government to supply PPE on mass scale? Being that none of us have ever seen anything like this in our lifetimes.  I expect them to be able to do it because all of us have paid taxes our entire lives to (supposedly) provide for the general welfare of the country.  I expect them to be able to do it because this wasn't an unknowable kind of event: it happened a mere 102 years ago.  There's no shortage of epidemiologists and other medical professionals who knew it was certain to happen again, and tried to tell anyone who would listen.  But they can't do it because preparing for century events gets labeled as "waste," "pork-barrel-spending," or "a boondoggle."
I read somewhere (I can't remember where) that a lot of hospitals have access to PPE but can't order them due to spending budget issues. I don't know how true that is or if it's an issue in NC, but it seemed to suggest that, say, just because Hanesbrands is making masks doesn't necessarily mean a hospital can just order from them because the supply system isn't set up that way and the budget approval doesn't allow it. Someone with more knowledge probably needs to correct me though.
Have you filed yet? I’m self-employed and I’ve seen mixed messages about whether I should go ahead and do my best with answering the questions or wait until it’s actually set up for self-employed people. I don’t want to screw it up and be denied but I also don’t want to miss out on benefits by waiting. No idea what to do.
Agreed to all.
Hoping to get some info on my claim soon. Just started new job end of January and unfortunately due to all of this they had to lay off everyone or it would have ended up running them out of business to try and keep paying us.   Filed an appeal last night since was showing I was ineligible for not enough income for the last two quarters.   The phone line is just awful and the last several days getting in touch with someone is impossible.
You should receive the extra $600 for each week you qualified since the stimulus passed.
I loathe how true this is.
The federal government simply does not have enough supplies to give every state what they want. California alone has asked for more respirators than the total federal stockpile.
Tough when the stockpile is already depleted because of sending stuff to places that didn't request it.
ORANGE MAN BAD.  THIS IS ALL THAT MATTERS.
This is something that's very much on my radar, and doctor Fauci was asked this last night. His answer was that this is not a priority at the federal level.
Peak infection is just the top of the mountain. We'll still be too be sheltering in place so that the mountain peak doesn't get higher, but actually begins it's descent.
Because people can tell... when you Autobell.  But honestly I'm not sure and it seems strange.
Same, with TD Bank. Have you been able to resolve this problem?
That's available, not total.  We have around 3200 licensed ICU beds in NC.
That is solely up to the state legislature. We'll find out soon if the majority is willing to support it.
It will probably involve re-applying but that’s exactly the guidance we’re waiting to get from the federal Department of Labor right now. I’ll do a post as soon as we know.
Apply now.
Yes pharmas are essential. We’re still doing clinical trials and creating drugs that help cancer patients (to name one of thousands of indications we are trying to ease), so yes we are essential in my humble opinion.
I've decided that the reason that the 'essential' umbrella is so wide is to include industries that *might* be necessary. I.e. what you are working on right now might be frivolous, but it would be a problem if a pharma company laid off their entire staff and we did need them.
I've thought this as well, no idea his party but he is out doing what a public servent should do.
You can tell he isn't an R because he isn't trying to suppress voting and also isn't obsessed about bathroom designations.
Obviously a democrat because he is actually communicating with us and considering our existance as more than a stock number.
I’m not convinced they’re taking any calls since no matter when I call the automated system hangs up on me
Any chance for some guidance on how we should be filling it out as contractors to help things process as smoothly as possible. I haven't been able to get farther than creating an account yet but it would be nice to have an idea of any additional information I should provide.
Thanks. I shared his FB posts on our community's pages. Going to follow him on FB as well so I can continue to share them.
If you old neighborhood has Lakes, well, howdy (former) neighbor! Hope your move was smooth.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
How can anyone say we have a low infection rate when there is virtually no testing?
I have filed and I got a couple of questions flagged for review. They rw asked them with greater explanation and those pending issues were resolved quickly. My personal issue pending is related to the reason for my lay off. I selected COVID and I've been filing my weeklies, but I am not even sure if I'm doing that correctly since there have been mixed reports on how to answer those questions.  So many questions .... so few answers ...  I say go ahead and start the process. Do the best you can just so you have a case file number generated with a date stamp on it.
Thank you, sir.
Just sign up as best you can and do the weekly check ins. I figure that will maximize my chances of getting it for the whole time I've been unable to work.
I am in the same boat. How did you start your appeal?
Is that on top of what unemployment would pay? Is there any qualification for that?
Thanks!
>The federal government simply does not have enough supplies to give every state what they want.  Unless that state is Florida.
Reminder that Donald Trump literally called Coronavirus another hoax inline with the impeachment proceedings not but a month ago.  He is definitively bad.
He is handling this god awfully, you absolute spoon. He was bragging about ratings while dead Americans were being loaded into refrigeration trucks. Get a fucking clue.
Plus there will likely be spikes each time a restriction is lifted, whether it's the shelter at home or social distancing.
My husband is a Land Surveyor. He is considered "Essential." Is there a way for us to dispute it? I am glad he's still working, but some times these companies need to put the employees first, and if they don't, they need to be held accountable. Thank you for your time!
Nope. I tried calling last week but didnt get through to anyone. I am just hoping to get a debit card now.
What’s the difference between licensed and available ICU beds?
Thank you; let's hope so!
Thank you very much for the information!  I am happy to do whatever I have to.  Hopefully it is quick, I could really use the help.
Similar, and very essential, more so than golf courses for sure.   Now I do think pharma companies should be doing everything they can to have non-essential or anyone that can work from home to do so, and practice social distancing while at work; but my company is doing a good job of that already.   Many of my friends in the area that also work at pharma companies, if they could shut down, they have shut down, and have everyone at home.
Democrat
Yeah we get it, Republicans have done a lot of bad shit, but it doesn't mean everyone affiliated with them is a piece of shit. However, you are correct that he is not a Republican, not that it matters. I have spoken to one of his colleagues before who told me that in NC, a lot of decisions in the Senate are based on parties and not personal opinion or what's best for the people. I have a hunch that Sen. Jeff Jackson is doing this on his own for our benefit.
In their defence, they do hate freedom and civil rights...Soo...
He's a Democrat, but not that it matters. People should stop assuming that politicians are good or bad based on their party affiliation.
I know what you mean. I’ve tried all different times and still can’t get through.
It went well, thanks! And yes, that’s the old neighborhood. I was glad when I got the notice that some of the amenities were officially closed. What a time!
North Carolina has similar testing rates when compared to most other states in the US. We still have a lower rate and the mortality rate in our state is extremely low. Touchwood it stays the same. The only areas really affected by the virus are Mecklenburg, Durham county, and my area(I live in Cary) Wake County.
I just did my first weekly cert this week so I guess we will see how things go.
Asking the same thing. I don’t see any option to file an appeal so I’d love to know how.
Now to be fair, I’m assuming what I did was an appeal? Because I also saw NO OPTION whatsoever to appeal the ineligible decision that was posted on mine.  However, I was able to go to the screen under the “determination” tab and click the “I do not agree with these waves” button. From there was able to update what I had worked thus far this year and upload pay check stubs as proof for this.   Unfortunately just starting my job at the end of January and only getting to work through mid-March put me at showing no income for the previous quarter from where they pull numbers from in determining your unemployment benefits and eligibility. I haven’t actually worked under a payroll position in well over a year.   I’m assuming since we have hit the end of March finally and this first quarter of the year, that it may update on its on but I didn’t want to leave my application up to chance so I went ahead and manually entered the information myself.   I’ve tried calling numerous times and can’t seem to get to speak to an actual person to ensure what I have done is correct. So I just am making assumptions and guessed.
You're right, when Florida (pop 21 million) asked for 180,000 N95 masks, they got them. Other states, with much lower populations, asked for much more, and did not get them. See [https://www.propublica.org/article/heres-why-florida-got-all-the-emergency-medical-supplies-it-requested-while-other-states-did-not](https://www.propublica.org/article/heres-why-florida-got-all-the-emergency-medical-supplies-it-requested-while-other-states-did-not).  I would like to see a list of all the supplies each state has requested, received, along with the size of the state and the severity of the outbreak. Then we could make an accurate assessment of whether the supplies are being distributed fairly.
He called the Democrat's criticism of his administration's handling of the virus early on as "their new hoax." He never said the virus itself was a hoax. That idea was pushed by the media.  Trumps words often get repeated out of context or taken very literally too far by the media because it has been proven that the media have an agenda to paint him in the worst light possible. However it is also true that he tends to not want to admit when he was wrong about certain things. In this case, he (along with the CDC, vocal Democrat politicians and most of the media) was wrong about the severity of the virus early on. I don't know if it would have made any difference, but maybe he should have just come out and said "hey, we were mistaken, but let's do all we can now to stop it." That's one big criticism I have of him, is that it seems he can't admit when he was wrong. In his defense, however, nobody knew how bad it really was early on, and he was even criticized for closing the borders to and from China back in January, which has now been proven to have been effective in preventing a much worse scenario now.
[Reminder that Nancy Pelosi walked through Chinatown encouraging people to visit as the pandemic spread.](https://youtu.be/eFCzoXhNM6c)
A NY Times article by Michael M. Grynbaum brought up his press briefing ratings:  >President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise…   >   >..alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom…  Trump quoted this article. It probably wasn't the smartest thing to do, but he certainly didn't originate the idea.
Available means there's nobody currently in them.  Licensed is the total number of beds that exist right now.
He's evolved
Given the Republican history in North Carolina it's safer to assume that a R is up to some fuckery though. They've made their bed.
The NCGOP and their supporters have given zero reason to believe otherwise.     Instead of meeting in the middle or extending any semblance of an olive branch, they've doubled down.     If they can be considered pieces of shit by their own actions and policies, so be it.
It does matter because it should affect how you vote.  Dems are doing everything they can to help and Republicans (not all, Mike DeWine in Ohio comes to mind, but quite a lot) have their heads in the sand.
>it doesn't mean everyone affiliated with them is a piece of shit  It means that they either support those things making them a piece of shit, or they literally don't care which *also* makes them a piece of shit. The modern Republican party is the most corrupt political party in the United States history
Fuck off with that nonsense. Just imagine if we said the same thing about... I dunno, the KKK.   It's well past time to call a spade a spade. The Rs in politics aren't idiots. The electorate might be, but that's because people like you keep giving them a pass.
Well he's right this is a Democrat.
I am afraid it does matter. But you can keep your head in the sand if it makes you feel better.
Over the past 72 years, I've observed there are despicable individuals on both sides of the aisle. The current crop is somewhat of an exception as the Republicans are clearly *the dark underbelly of America* ... with a nod to Hunter Thompson's evisceration of Nixon.
Where are the republican senators? Oh yeah, getting investigated for insider trading while downplaying the virus.
Ohio is a prime example. There’s good and both sides. Unfortunately, there’s also a lot of garbage on both sides.
Mine says questionable identity -SSA. Don’t know what that means or what they need to prove my identity. But no one has reached out to me or employer. I asked employer to make account on the website too. Very frustrating to have something holding it up but not knowing what or how to resolve. Are they going to retroactively pay for all the weeks we sit here waiting??
I hope so!! But About 10 of my friends are laid off and we’ve all called at various points in the day.. day in and day out for days.. and we all only ever get the automated machine that hangs up. I wish they would do a hold or do a call back. I’ve also emailed and haven’t heard anything back.
Oh they are closed...but now we have the whiney residents saying, "what about the golf course, it's NOT FAIR that I have to tell my child that they can't use the amenities!"  So they just use them anyway.  And they will undoubtedly be the first to complain and sue when their family gets sick, I'm sure.
Give it a few weeks. As usual, NC is behind the curve. The number to look at is the number of hospitalizations. And, keep in mind, at the moment about the only way to get tested is to have severe symptoms or work in healthcare with mild symptoms.   **IF**, and only if, we can practice social distancing and best safety practices, NC just might stay ahead of the curve. But, NC, due to a disperse and diverse population and utter lack of rural healthcare facilities where the most vulnerable live,  is quite likely to have a protracted bumpy ride.   Also, for the love of science, will folks quit focusing solely on mortality rates. The predictors there are hospital overload, patient morbities, and adherence, (or lack there of) to best safety practices. Unfortunately, rural NC falls short of all of those, but may or may not have a good delay due to natural social distance.
Exactly, I don't see the option to appeal at all
Thanks for explaining - I'll see what I can find with what you outlined!
>Democrat's criticism of his administration's handling of the virus early on as "their new hoax."  Do you actually believe this?  How is calling the criticism of how the administration handles something a "hoax"?  Is it a hoax that they criticized?  Is it a hoax that his administration didn't handle it?  None of those pass a grammar test.  Though, I will admit, Trump doesn't pass grammar tests either.  >however, nobody knew how bad it really was early on  [As Trump would say, wrong](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/us-intelligence-reports-from-january-and-february-warned-about-a-likely-pandemic/2020/03/20/299d8cda-6ad5-11ea-b5f1-a5a804158597_story.html).  [In fact, the Pentagon even warned in 2017 that if a pandemic came, we weren't prepared](https://www.thenation.com/article/politics/covid-military-shortage-pandemic/).  >criticized for closing the borders to and from China back in January  Because by then, it was too late.  If the infection gets in and you close the borders, you've let the infection in and closed the door behind it.  If you can close the door *before* it gets in, then you've done a good job.  >which has now been proven to have been effective in preventing a much worse scenario now  No it hasn't?  You know what *has* been effective in preventing a much worse scenario?  Quarantine orders, shelter-in-place orders, and telling people "Hey maybe actually don't go outside and not wash your hands, just please stay home if at all possible or else this is gonna spread big time".  So let's find something else to criticize, assuming you can block all that.  What's up with Trump demanding Governors play nice with him to get medical aid?  What's up with not helping the states equally, but instead going full mob boss and wanting that ring kissed for some help?  What up with the low-key sexism of "That governor from Washington, and *that woman* from Michigan" (emphasis mine)?
So she shouldn't have done that.  Fun fact: that doesn't make Trump any better.  Whataboutism is dumb.
The world is burning and he’s one of the most powerful people in the world, who has offered little REAL reassurance to the American public, why wouldn’t people tune in? It has absolutely nothing to do with him as a person, but because of his position. And he’s bragging about it. For his own ego. While people die, lose their jobs, homes, etc.  while he flails his flaccid ego in front of a camera and tweets about it.
That still seems so low for a whole state... it’s like we had the bare minimum in the first place
Sometimes I still wonder how tf *Trump* managed to get the NC electoral vote.
Going off on a tangent, I find that fact that the Republicans call themselves the "grand old party" is a bit strange, seeing as how technically the Democrats came first.
No no, Jeff Jackson is just "one of the good ones". All the rest of the democrats are bastards!  ^/s
I'm a Democrat, but I wouldn't suggest the Republican party is the most corrupt.  For example the Democratic party is less democratic in electing candidates through their use of super delegates and associated games.
My damn flair says it all
Yeah, well I mean what Burr did was pretty bullshit.
Most of the garbage is on one side
There is one single Republican setting a good example in Ohio. Just because he's visible doesn't mean every other one isn't doing their usual bullshit.
I feel like that's the case with American politics as a whole.
Mine says the same thing, impossible to get through to anyone to fix it
Yeah, my account says revoked. I have no idea why. I’ve never had an account with them and I’ve never filed before.
Did yours ever get resolved? Mine has still said questionable for the last week now.
I’m not at all surprised. They’ll just move on in a few years anyway. Being there was prime lessons for my kids that grown-ups oftentimes just aren’t.   Hang tight and stay well, former neighbor!
This may or may not be true. Our curve may be behind or right on the national curve. We don't know. This thing keeps changing but I do agree that the more we practice social distancing the better our chances are.  But there are those that keep saying we're just a few weeks from becoming another NY, which I believe is borderline paranoia, especially considering our population distribution and diversity in densities from area to area. While there are a lot of rural areas with poor access to healthcare these also tend to be the ones most cut off from everything else.  All i'm saying is that we have to factor in all the variables instead of just saying everyone is going to be like NY or Spain or Italy, etc.
I see the day-to-day numbers of new infections stay close to the last day's rate and just hope that is true, instead of being a function of testing only being able to test so many.
Hope that helps you out a little bit! If I’m able to find out any more info I’ll update you!
>Do you actually believe this? How is calling the criticism of how the administration handles something a "hoax"? Is it a hoax that they criticized? Is it a hoax that his administration didn't handle it? None of those pass a grammar test. Though, I will admit, Trump doesn't pass grammar tests either.   According to [Snopes](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-coronavirus-rally-remark/):  >In context, Trump did not say in the passage above that the virus itself was a hoax. He instead said that Democrats’ criticism of his administration’s response to it was a hoax.   By "grammer test" I'm assuming what you really mean is "vocabulary test," since what's being discussed is really a matter of definition of the word "hoax." And yes, I think Trump's use of the word "hoax" in this sense is not correct according to it's definition.  &#x200B;  >As Trump would say, wrong. In fact, the Pentagon even warned in 2017 that if a pandemic came, we weren't prepared.   I didn't see 2017 mentioned anywhere in that article you linked which was mostly about "intelligence agencies" trying to warn the White House about the severity of the outbreak of the virus in China. Take into account that this article is very biased in it's reporting of the situation (i.e. with statements like " Trump was dismissive because he did not believe that the virus had spread widely throughout the United States," when in reality Trump had data provided by health officials that lead him to that conclusion). However, it is true that the White House and other lawmakers, as well as the CDC, did not fully understand the severity of the virus during January and most of February:  &#x200B;  >According to the CDC, COVID-19 “is NOT currently spreading in the community in the United States,” and it’s currently unlikely that the general public will be exposed to the virus...   >   >Many questions remain unanswered about the coronavirus, such as how many cases of the virus have gone undetected around the world — including in the U.S. — as well as what percentage of the people infected with COVID-19 develop the most severe and dangerous symptoms of the illness (like pneumonia), or experience only mild symptoms (like a common cold), or experience no symptoms at all. There is evidence of asymptomatic transmission from the latter group, but researchers are still trying to determine how widespread it is.  [Intelligencer, Updated February 24,2020](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/02/what-we-know-about-the-trump-admins-response-to-coronavirus.html#comments)  From  [The New York Times, Feb. 2, 2020](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/02/health/coronavirus-pandemic-china.html)  >Scientists do not yet know how lethal the new coronavirus is, however, so there is uncertainty about how much damage a pandemic might cause.    That article describes the uncertainty around the coronavirus in early February.  &#x200B;  >If the infection gets in and you close the borders, you've let the infection in and closed the door behind it. If you can close the door *before* it gets in, then you've done a good job.   No, the criticism wasn't that the travel bans were too late, it was that they were racist, xenophobic, and unnecessary.  [CNN, Feb. 3, 2020](https://www.cnn.com/2020/02/03/health/coronavirus-cases-us-monday/index.html):  >But in the meantime, some countries, the US in particular, have inappropriately overreacted, which certainly runs counter to WHO advice.  [NY Post, Jan. 31, 2020](https://nypost.com/2020/01/31/china-scolds-mean-us-for-coronavirus-travel-warning/):  >“The World Health Organization urged countries to avoid travel restrictions, but very soon after that, the United States did the opposite,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement. “It’s truly mean.”  [Washington Examiner, Mar. 12, 2020](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/ill-always-tell-you-the-truth-biden-tears-into-trump-xenophobia-and-honesty-in-coronavirus-address)  >Joe Biden tore into President Trump's handling of the coronavirus outbreak, accusing him of xenophobia, dishonesty, and mismanaging testing for the virus.   &#x200B;  >No it hasn't? You know what *has* been effective in preventing a much worse scenario? Quarantine orders, shelter-in-place orders, and telling people "Hey maybe actually don't go outside and not wash your hands, just please stay home if at all possible or else this is gonna spread big time".   You are correct. I misspoke about the travel ban. It seems that there's some evidence the spread was delayed some by the travel bans, however how much of an impact that actually had remains unclear ([MYNorthwest, Mar. 28, 2020](https://mynorthwest.com/1791696/study-travel-bans-coronavirus/)).  &#x200B;  >So let's find something else to criticize, assuming you can block all that. What's up with Trump demanding Governors play nice with him to get medical aid? What's up with not helping the states equally, but instead going full mob boss and wanting that ring kissed for some help? What up with the low-key sexism of "That governor from Washington, and *that woman* from Michigan" (emphasis mine)?   According to [Snopes](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-governors-supplies/):  >Trump did not say governors must "treat me well" or rhetorically ask them if they "want ventilators and masks from the federal government's reserves to treat your citizens."  Though he did say "they have to treat **us** well," which is ambiguous, so all we can do there is make assumptions. My takeaway from that is that, as a businessman, his first instinct is to not want to do business with someone who is reluctant to cooperate. Which is why he let's Mike Pence handle it; because he knows he wouldn't handle it right. The "that woman" phrase was unnecessary, though. That was just a weird thing to say.   I do think he downplayed it at first. I think a lot of people, even higher up, were downplaying it based on lack of available knowledge. It moved faster than anyone expected and in hindsight there's a lot of criticism that can be thrown around. I think Trump's commentary can be rude and brash and I wish he wouldn't do it. I also think too many people get there information from one-sided media sources and I hope that more people take a look at all sides to get a more balanced perspective.
The point is that no one over here was taking it seriously.  You can't just cherry pick Trump out of the crowd like this was another one of his stupid moments.  It was most everyone.
Personally I watch for Fauci and Birx. They are the voices that matter more to me right now.
It's a pretty normal amount. It's expensive to keep empty ICU beds around and 99.9% of the time it's enough to handle demand.
Think of it like airplane seats, hospitals are for-profit entities for the most part, and they don't want to have to maintain more of these expensive perishable goods then they absolutely have to. Every day that an ICU bed is empty it's costing them money.   Our system is just not set up for big Public Health emergencies like this.
I'd say the NC electorate saw a chance at electing a Republican as corrupt as they want to be and pounced on the opportunity.
From Kevin G Shinnick:  “I made a comment recently where I claimed that Republican administrations had been much more criminally corrupt over the last 50 plus years than the Democrats. I was challenged (dared actually) to prove it. So I did a bit of research and when I say a bit I mean it didn’t take long and there is no comparison.  When comparing criminal indictments of those serving in the executive branch of presidential administrations, it’s so lopsided as to be ridiculous. Yet all I ever hear about is how supposedly “corrupt” the Democrats are. So why don’t we break it down by president and the numbers?  Obama (D) – 8 yrs in office. Zero criminal indictments, zero convictions and zero prison sentences. So the next time somebody describes the Obama administration as “scandal free” they aren’t speaking wishfully, they’re simply telling the truth.  Bush, George W. (R) – 8 yrs in office. 16 criminal indictments. 16 convictions. 9 prison sentences.  Clinton (D) – 8 yrs in office. 2 criminal indictments. One conviction. One prison sentence. That’s right nearly 8 yrs of investigations. Tens of millions spent and 30 yrs of claiming them the most corrupt ever and there was exactly one person convicted of a crime.  Bush, George H. W. (R) – 4 yrs in office. One indictment. One conviction. One prison sentence.  Reagan (R) – 8 yrs in office. 26 criminal indictments. 16 convictions. 8 prison sentences.  Carter (D) – 4 yrs in office. One indictment. Zero convictions and zero prison sentences.  Ford (R) – 4 yrs in office. One indictment and one conviction. One prison sentence.  Nixon (R) – 6 yrs in office. 76 criminal indictments. 55 convictions. 15 prison sentences.  Johnson (D) – 5 yrs in office. Zero indictments. Zero convictions. Zero prison sentences.  So, let’s see where that leaves us. In the last 53 years, Democrats have been in the Oval Office for 25 of those years, while Republicans held it for 28. In their 25 yrs in office Democrats had a total of three executive branch officials indicted with one conviction and one prison sentence. That’s one whole executive branch official convicted of a crime in two and a half decades of Democrat leadership.  In the 28 yrs that Republicans have held office over the last 53 yrs they have had a total of (a drum roll would be more than appropriate), 120 criminal indictments of executive branch officials. 89 criminal convictions and 34 prison sentences handed down. That’s more prison sentences than years in office since 1968 for Republicans. If you want to count articles of impeachment as indictments (they aren’t really but we can count them as an action), both sides get one more. However, Clinton wasn’t found guilty while Nixon resigned and was pardoned by Ford (and a pardon carries with it a legal admission of guilt on the part of the pardoned). So those only serve to make Republicans look even worse.  With everything going on with Trump and his people right now, it’s a safe bet Republicans are gonna be padding their numbers a bit real soon.  So let’s just go over the numbers one more time, shall we? 120 indictments for Republicans. 89 convictions, and 34 prison sentences. Those aren’t “feelings” or “alternate facts.” Those are simply the stats by the numbers. Republicans are, and have been for my entire lifetime, the most criminally corrupt party to hold the office of the presidency."  And this is  stats from over a year and a half ago, not updated.
The DNC has it's fair share of issues but I wouldn't even put them anywhere near the same category that I put the GOP in terms of their corruption.
We're going through a pandemic, where the inactions of people in very specific government is quite literally, killing people. People are losing their houses and their jobs left and right.  And you think your fucking flair says it all!?! Your flair!?!  You have two parties in this country right now; a party who that is actively ignoring the vast majority of science and is actively promoting that American citizens need to die so that the economy will get better sooner, and another party that is split between either electing Camaro Joe or fixing the entire fucking system to provide the vast majority of American a fucking better way of life.   Parties aren't the problem here. Centrist morons who think those two things are the same and keep allowing bullies and anti-reality dumbasses into positions of power are.   Your damn flair indeed.
Let’s hope they retroactively pay for their own mistake. It just says pending resolution so let’s hope they talk to my employer and figure this out. I highly doubt someone got all my answers right to post a fraudulent claim though. And my employer can validate
I'm sure there are instances of fraud where people try to impersonate others to collect the benefit. Not sure how you'd find out if that's what happened to you without talking to a real person, though.
Did you’re say identity issue too?
Nope! My friend got through on phone after 2.5 hour wait after they first opened and they told her it happens to anyone applying for the first time. She told me to upload a photo of my ID to documents page but website was under maintenance when I tried last night
The day-to-day numbers [are not staying close to the last days](https://www.reddit.com/r/NorthCarolina/comments/frsc9g/tracking_the_coronavirus_in_north_carolina/flxfp55/). And here's a couple problems with the data. One, not nearly enough people are getting tested: only the severely ill, healthcare workers and the well connected. But, there is another problem. There is a 2-10 day lag between testing and results. So today's positives actually represent results from 2-10 days ago when even fewer people were tested. That makes the true ratio of positives to tested almost impossible to discern.
Thanks!
I'd say that our *great* Senator Richard Burr took it seriously when he was told that the virus was going to be a big deal.  It was serious enough that he sold his stocks in companies that'd take a hit before this all went down, and warned people/companies that contributed $100k+ to his campaign that it was going to be similar in transmission to the Spanish Flu.  So that point is invalidated.  I could literally "cherry pick" something dumb Trump has done literally every month (hell, probably every week) since he took office, and it would eclipse anything that any other politician in office has done at the end of it.  At some point, his pattern of behavior goes from "Oh, good guy with a flew slip-ups" to "A bad guy".  We reached that point a few years ago.
And you are cherry picking Pelosi. What’s the difference?
Yeah- hopefully they will be set up in the future..
Does the employer have to make account to validate the claims
Not that I know of. Only thing it says is revoked and to call the number, which we all know isn’t getting through at the moment.
Stop being polite. We all know you can pick something from everyday.
Not entirely sure about that, but definitely try to check the website.
Trying to give the other person enough rope to hang themselves, you know?  ;)
I couldn’t find definitive answers unfortunately

The Number of North Carolina Coronavirus Cases Just Jumped By 17 Percent In One Day

The testing results are coming back
i.e. the number of tests being performed increased by a similar amount a week ago
Just remember, these are just positive test results. The number of infected people is much higher.
Maybe this will convince folks to stay home unless they need to handle essential business, which does not include taking all six kids to the store to let them run wild.
And, here it comes. :-(
These types of statements are the worst  "Get ready" "Hold on" "Buckle up"  They are on every thread concerning COVID19.
Here it comes? WTF does that mean. NC has more tests ran:  >The jump in cases may be attributed to an increase in testing: So far the state has tested nearly 29,000 people.  That means more people 'with it'. Random sampling of the entire population and see how many people actually have COVID, it would be a whole hell of a lot more than what is being reported.
Get ready and buckle up for more of these statements!
Hold on to my Corona, Get Ready and buckle up, its's going to be a wild ride!

Coronavirus? What's that?

There are 6 libraries in the state still offering public services, and my wife works at one of them.
Most people I know are staying home. I have some friends that are essential and can’t though.   🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
I just want this to be over so I can go back to school :(
I am considered an essential employee for a decent enough reason. My job requires me to drive a lot and traffic in my city is half or less of the usual volume.  Other than the fact there's a deadly virus out there work has never been more comfy. A lot of people are clearly staying home where I live.
Everyone just needs to stay at home unless absolutely necessary.   This really hit home for me today because a family friend of mine was one of the people that died in Guilford County yesterday. It is so sad because she was a good woman who was raising her grandson.
One thing this SAT order has done is give people another thing to act superior over. Every thread has multiple people like *"My fucking neighbor goes to the grocery store to check for toilet paper because he's had to use napkins for a week. Doesn't that asshole know he's killing people?? My neighbor spends all day IN HER YARD sunbathing. Doesn't she know she's infecting the entire neighborhood?"*   We get it's serious guys but some of ya'll need to chill tf out with the judging. You don't have to be inside literally all day to stay at home
My work (motorsports) is still having people come in "if they want to." Because, you know, race cars are essential. (I'm staying home since I was given the choice.)
This is entirely too true.
Greenville put out a notice that if you're out meandering around for no reason and the cops catch you, $500 fine and/or Class 2 misdemeanor. You can still go to the grocery store, gas station, but get there and go home, immediately. Personally I'm enjoying the respect of personal space, no reason the guy behind me at the store needs to be breathing down my neck.
Why are things OPEN if they want people to stay home?  Also, the businesses considered exempt are absurd.
In my area, people are taking this extremely serious.
I work for a company that’s deemed essential (definitely isn’t) and the amount of customers I’m seeing every day is frustrating. Even worse, most of them are old people. We’re basically shutting down the state for the elderly and they won’t fucking listen. Staying at home besides being at work is destroying my mental health but I’m willing to do it if everyone will cooperate so we can get this over with as quickly as possible. But if people aren’t going to follow the rules why should I keep hurting myself?
Yeahhhh my stupid neighborhood. They are having a food truck come once a week so everyone can enjoy a lobster roll. They claim it’s to support small business but I know better than that: there are some real busy body mother fuckers that need to see and be seen. It’s social hour.
I'm staying home like we're supposed to do. The folks not taking it seriously will be the ones paying for it in the end. That's on them.
You do realize despite being the 9th most populous state in the US, we're currently sitting at 19th for total cases and 30th for deaths. I live in Greensboro and the number of people out and about on the roads is down several times over. Seems like we're doing something right, but don't let that ruin your meme.
I’m like why the fuck is Mainscape out mowing lawns. They can’t be deemed essential.
Its Wabbit Season!
For real though even people that are concerned continue to make, in my opinion, just really fucking stupid decisions. And then there are those who clearly don’t give a fuck at all, which from observation appears to be about half of the people I’ve seen.
Visited the Costco in Durham yesterday during 'Senior Hour' and the line at 8am was around the back of the building. We were gloved/masked and amazed at how many seniors were without any protective gear at all. No masks, no gloves, no attempts to avoid close proximity inside the store. One such guy looked at us and smirked. Dumbass.
I’m just glad the restaurant I work at remained open. I’m making more tips than ever doing takeout and deliveries because Corona has the people feeling sorry for small businesses.
Please don't call about your sex toys. Call centers are exempt because they don't deal face to face with customers. And some mofos come in coughing. It is absolutely absurd.  I repeat: do not call about your sex toys. Y'all should have placed your orders long ago.
My fuckhead neighbor keeps traveling back and forth from his permanent residence and his second home here. He works in law enforcement and has stated that it'll be a miracle if he doesn't catch it. Then the selfish asshole comes to our small town.   I used to think he an okay guy.
Not going to lie, went to Walmart today for the essential supply of sidewalk chalk. I also picked up some bubbles. I also needed soda, bread, milk, and some other foodstuff. Really sidewalk chalk is essential, at least to me.
I think I heard that some small county had its cops that'll stop you at any entrance and not let you in if you don't have enough groceries. Lol  I actually think I'm starting to get symptoms, but I stayed at home most days.
I guess Jacksonville is taking this a little more seriously than the rest of the state, but maybe that's because 70% of the population here is under orders to obey the stay at home order under threat of court-martial?  Just spitballin'.
I can do my entire job from home but since my company is "essential" I have to stay at the office. Just a little salty and waiting for the inevitable old person to catch it here
TIL in Onslow county essential businesses include Furniture stores, vape shops, comic book stores,  as well as screen printing shops.
Stay home friends
Same number of cars speeding by my house all day as before the order. Boomers in SUVs going out for every little thing.
Till Elmer-19 gets their asses! My county is more active than usual! Ridiculous!
My idiot neighbor was having a barbecue yesterday. People just don't care. If they can't see the effects with their own eyes, they'll continue to be ignorant and selfish.
Dude posted something a little while ago asking for hiking trail options in Asheville that he could travel to from elsewhere, stating "I'm young and healthy" as the excuse for being willing to put more people at risk. I mean, FFS, just sit tight, get creative, deal with the boredom folks!
you guys are scared little bitches
I would have sworn state libraries would be the first to close. What rationale was your wife given?
I'm working at a golf course now. Its an "outdoor activity" so we can stay open. Every day we are packed, hundreds of people desperate to get out of the house. I want to shake every single one of these old dudes and scream "this virus will kill you! Stay home!" But of course I have to laugh politely while they talk about how they can't stand to see their wife's face any longer. Miserable old bastards.  According to my boss we are getting a lot of shit for being open still, which is good. She's defending it by saying that if we closed people would still come out to play and tear up the grounds and not be forced to spread out and stuff. Fair enough, but one officer sitting in the parking lot would change all that.
Do you know where?
Are they? Are they staying off the greenways? Going to one store only in an emergency and getting only what they need?  Because there are a whole lot of people on here saying how busy greenways are, how they cant find stuff in the store and have to go to another, or had to go to Lowes to get multch for their lawn so they 'have something to do'.
Trust me, teachers, professors, all of us, we want to get you guys back in our rooms. Distance learning is hard for the teachers because so much of our job is tied up in interacting with our students. I miss my 8th graders :’(
Yea this online school sucks
I want school or no school, not half school
Hell yeah. I love regular classes but motivation for online class is just not there for me. It’s really something I have to force myself to do now.
Same
Litterally same. My commute has been cut in half. Also every administrative worker is working from home. Only the clinical staff are present and we are on a rotating schedule to keep as many people home as possible.
I’m sorry for your loss. My condolences.
A large number of people won't take it seriously until it's effecting them or someone they know and actually care about.
I'm so sorry.
Amen
Glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. I understand the severity of this situation. Trust me, I don't wanna catch this thing or inadvertently infect someone else, either. But jeez! Some folks are really getting out of hand with the judgmental comments. Even with this order in place, we are not prisoners within our homes, but some are treating it like we are.
How else you going to run shine? Liquor was deemed essential by the state.
I work in racing too, and where I work has been completely shut down since Monday.
Surprising. Our race shop and several others I know of have been closed/work from home/furloughed.
Is there an article for this somewhere?
Some the businesses are absurd. Obviously we would still like water and power so those guys can keep working thank you.
\> North Carolina’s unemployment office has received more than 353,000 claims for unemployment benefits over the past two weeks, state officials said Thursday.  There is a real human cost to shutting down everything.
How's the lobster roll??
I think we’re in the same neighborhood lol. Cousin Maine’s came through tonight
Dude it’s frustrating seeing this type of thing but I try to remember people can be very extroverted and it drives them to be like that.
Possibly but doubtful. The people paying for it are the 10 million (and counting) who lost their jobs, healthcare workers, and essential employees barely making above minimum wage.
Probably not, the symptoms are super mild in the vast majority of cases.
Not really.  It's the boomers that are going to front this bill when the check comes.  The metrics make it apparent that only the old or sick/susceptible are the ones dying.
> Seems like we're doing something right  Could just be lack of testing. How many tests are being done each day?
What we're doing "right" is not testing enough so we don't know how many people actually have it. The number of actual cases is much higher than we can confirm, which makes those rankings meaningless.
I've never seen so many yards looking absolutely Immaculate. Everyone is constantly mowing the grass all the time
I'm not seeing the issue...? We're allowed to go outside for physical activity. Usually when I see landscapers it's one, maybe two people handling the yard.
Duck season!
Duck season!
So he drives in a car from one place to another...yea fuck him
What’s wrong with him going to a second home if it’s just him?
Sorry he's not risking his life to keep us safe far enough away from you.
OBX?
Bubbles, also know as whimsical floating plague blisters? :)
Take a drive down Lejeune Blvd and every single furniture store is open. Also the vape shops, comic book shop and screenprinting/Tailor shop are all wide open.
and you are a fool
And you’re a fucking moron. People like you are why this virus continues to spread, because you can’t get it through your thick fucking skull that ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS SIT ON YOUR ASS. They’re not asking you to go to war, or sacrifice your life, all they’re asking is for you to sit your ass on your couch and stay there! That’s all you have to do! But you’re so fucking entitled that you think “Oh, I’ll just go out and it’ll be fine.” People are dying. Innocent people. People with families and children. All because fuckwits like you can’t shut the fuck up and sit on your couch for a month.
She's in a county library. Apparently they are the same as college bookstores and they were exempt.
That's really stupid sounding. Cranky old people are just trying to kill themselves. I don't think the people running these things understand that if they weren't open, they wouldn't invite these people out. They figure if they want to keep coming, then we must keep offering services. While many of the people heading out are of the mentality that if it was that bad then the golf course, the library, the whatever, would surely be closed.  Literally going to end up with a lot of "Leopards ate my face" situations.
Oh, they won't listen to the Mayor, they will only listen to the County Manager and Library Board, who have ceded all leadership to the Library Director. We have 20 confirmed cases and my wife was tested and quarantined for two weeks last month. She was negative, but had to go back to the library.  edit: And now our first death.
The 6 I know of are Onslow, Wilson, Iredell, Pender, Harnett, and Rockingham. And they are all curbside.
I'm one of the "can't find it at store a so I go to b"  My toddler needs milk, we eat a lot of eggs, and pickings are scarce out there. So I'll go to two stores tomorrow, if I must, so I don't have to go for another week or so.
Where is this happening? Definitely not in Durham.
Where I live they are, but pretty soon I’m going to be forced to go out for groceries. Should be interesting to see if there is still no tp, hand sanitizer and Clorox wipes.
I get your sentiment, but you have to be at least a little reasonable about going to a grocery store. Is me running out of produce really an *emergency*? No. But I'm going to go get some, along with a normal 2 week supply of food. Yes, I'm trying to keep it to one store per week if I can. But even the parameters of the stay at home order allow for hardware stores, auto parts stores, drive thrus... Most trips to those won't be emergencies either. But preventative maintenance prevents emergencies, the same way keeping normal food in stock in the house does.
Yes...they are
This is pretty spot on in western NC too. Like deadly accurate.
This ^ I can't find anyone staying still. The golf courses by me are packed. Tons of cars on the road, lowes/home depot are PACKED, literally no one is staying home.
My son is an eighth grader and said he is loving the online school. Prior to this it was a struggle to get him to stay on top of his assignments, but now he is completing them as soon as they are assigned. Maybe he just isn’t being given enough to do. My daughter is a senior and is heartbroken about missing graduation and prom, and not getting to say goodbye to her friends.
agreed
So the same as pretty much any other social, economic, or environmental catastrophe
You got about 40 minutes and you're out of fuel lol
I'm really surprised they're not. I was out before the Mecklenburg order went through and was told to follow that. But, they're still open after the statewide order, so I don't know.
Yeah, I’m surprised too. Can’t imagine it won’t be long before everyone else stays home. Good portion of the people there are moderate-to-high-risk, too.
Welp, crap, not anymore. Saw it on WITNs website a couple days ago.
I mean retail stores sorry
There's also a real human cost to not shutting down everything. You ask 100 people if they'd rather be unemployed or dead, you're probably going to get 100 unemployeds.
And China should foot the bill.
If it's cousin's maine, frankly in my experience not that great
The sooner we get a handle on this, the sooner they can go back to work.  That’s why people going to Lowe’s for mulch are morons
It's still killing plenty of younger people.
40% of those hospitalized from COVID in the US are between 20 to 54. This is not just a “Boomer Disease”. You are not invincible. This virus is a threat to everyone.
As soon as the hospitals fill up, every group starts dying because they can't get ventilators. Statistically, in other countries, 20% of middle aged people require hospitalization. (Minus those who don't have enough symptoms to get tested, of course.) Yes, they're recovering, but only with interventions. Without beds available, people in middle age and young adults start dying, too.
Hell, one of the guys I work with was put in mandatory quarantine because his mother had symptoms.  Her test came back "inconclusive."  So there's that too.
Do you have anything showing that NC is performing fewer tests per capita than other states?
 They roll up in 5 trucks, 2+ people per truck. Not to mention when they pickup supplies like mulch, pine straw, or flowers. If you’re being serious about minimizing unnecessary contact points between people then landscapers are nonessential. The kid that you call to mow your lawn that shows up solo is one thing. Commercial companies that work in teams of 2+, crammed into one vehicle and meet in the morning to load up for the day are an entirely different story.
He could transport the virus from one place to another unknowingly
He's driving back and forth in violation of the order. Stopping for gas. Going out for groceries. Our local hospital is small and ill equipped to handle the permanent population. It cannot handle people coming in from other areas.
Not sure about that, I have a bubble machine. I lace the bubbles with liquid catnip. I have a cat who loves bubbles, to her, they are the best thing ever.   Hey, you can make bubbles without blowing air into them. Some of the best are made with string and some good body movement.
They may be open, but I've been dealing with maybe 15% of the traffic I'm used to coming and going across town.  Also, how are any of those "essential services"? Those business owners are morons.
Every individual should alter their  behavior based on their own personal risk tolerance. If I'm not worried about the virus, I shouldn't have to change my lifestyle. If other people are worried, they can be the ones staying inside.
our county library system is open but closed to the public
Sending vibes for her good health!
Catawba County and Hickory Public Library are offering curbside.
Transylvania is offering curbside as well
It’s double the pain when you’re trying to take care of your family and see someone roll out of the store with a cart full of tp, paper towels etc -_-
Goldsboro.  My wife works in home health (so, legit essential), and says you wouldn't be able to tell the difference between before the order and after.  The two times I've had to venture out to take my kid to the doctor (not Covid-19 related) and hit up the grocery store, it looked like a normal day around town. It was infuriating.
There won't be.  Unless you get to the store right after they get a truck.
Everyone should have plenty of tp by now. The virus doesn’t cause diarrhea
That’s awesome!! It’s so nice to hear that some of the kids are actually enjoying the remote learning experience. I have had a few tell me it’s okay, but most of them wish we were back to regular schedule. Tell your daughter that Her teachers are sorry too: They look forward to prom and to graduation as well. Let her grieve, but also encourage her to not dwell on it too much - hopefully this adversity builds stronger relationships with people she loves and who will be there for the other special events in her life.
I'm curious - a Cup team, or...?
Retail should honestly be curbside pickup only.  My best friend works at Lowes, and said they just started their black friday spring sale.  It is nothing short of mind boggling.
But that’s not the question, ask 100 people if they would rather be unemployed or have a 1/100 chance of dying and they are going to choose differently. For a lot of people, going unemployed and losing their jobs is going to create an insurmountable amount of debt and pile up of bills even with the current 1200 check coming.
I've been looking for a decent lobster roll around here
SECONDED.  I mean it was *okay* but not worth the hour long wait to get one.
Not really. Unless your saying a death rate of 1% of people under the age of 50 plenty then sure.
The age range 20 to 54 is a large swath so the fact that 40% are in that range doesn’t mean much to me. If anything. What if 39% of the 40% are over 45? Not saying that is the case I’m just saying that these age range stats are dumb and misleading.
I'll weep for the lost
So he's staying at home(s) and conducting daily activity within the bounds of the order and has a job that's considered essential. Sounds more like you have a personal issue with this person.
I'm a business owner in Jacksonville and I closed my business when the Gov. ordered bars and restuarants to shut down. Those other places gotta be ready for their fantabulous COVIDPalooza Stimulus Sales Extravaganza.
> Every individual should alter their behavior based on their own personal risk tolerance.  *Only if you are the only person your actions affect.*  Like if you want to cook raw chicken that you've left out for 5 hours, or do woodworking in your garage without eye protection, or those type things - sure, do as you please.  But if you're a potential contagious viral carrier you're sure as fuck not entitled to just go around in the general public and endanger *other people* because of *your* risk assessment.  No different than having speed limits on public roads so someone who thinks they're Ayrton Senna isn't out there recklessly endangering others by making the highway their personal autobahn.
This attitude is literally going to cause more deaths than there otherwise would be.  I know you obviously don't care, and you're probably not in a high risk group, but every one of you taking up a bed in a hospital is one that my parents or grandparents can't sit in because of a stroke or a heart attack. Or any person that's infected others through their own carelessness.  From the way you post I think you don't give a shit, but anybody else reading this, please just think about the impact your actions can have on others - even if you're not in a high risk group.
The great American psyche: me first, fuck you, don't care.
The problem is you may be carrying it and not realize, thus spreading it to people who otherwise were in isolation. Say you go to the grocery store and you have the virus but don’t show any symptoms, and someone had to go get groceries because they needed food but otherwise was in quarantine. You most likely just spread it to them and you didn’t even know it. What if they’re immunocompromised? What if they have weak lungs? You’re not isolating for you. You’re doing it to help those who are weaker against this virus. Social distancing IS working, but only if we all do it. So for the love of God please just stay home y’all.
Everywhere I know of is limiting almost everything.
Oh ffs this has been going on for a really long time. I’m beginning  to wonder who is really staying at home.
One form of it does. But that’s not the reason for the hoarding.
I know right? All along it’s been portrayed as a respiratory event so why have we gotten mental about tp?  And I’m just not going on weekly hunt for the Ark of the Covenant in hopes of finding some cleaning supplies.
I'm not running around sampling stock levels but it's been out of stock in my area for 2 weeks. I went to the store yesterday 1 minute after opening and there was no TP to be found. They had pallets and pallets of paper towels though, so I guess that's what they're encouraging people to use.
I work at a grocery store, we got 8 or 9 boxes of toilet paper in yesterday.  It was all gone in less than 10 minutes.
I did two college degrees online and know how different it is, and that you have to be highly self motivated, which makes it very surprising to me that my son is digging this whole thing. It is a bummer for my daughter and missing out on those rights of passage. I tell her she will have a good story to tell her grandkids but I think she isn’t really buying that from me right now.  Stay safe, and I hope life gets back to normal soon and you can be with your students again
More like a build shop. ~20 people and that's probably how they're flying under the radar.
Yes that is dumb. Had to change it to please the very soft feeble minded easily offended people of NC.
Ask a 100 people the same thing but tell em they'll get a $1200 check + $350 (max) a week unemployment + $600 a week supplemental unemployment = ~$5000 for the 1st month. See what they have to say then.
You're correct. However, this isn't just about any one single person, is it? It's about the greater good. Short term suffering, while it may be intense and unfortunate, will alleviate much greater long term suffering.
I’ve heard good things about Lobster Dogs and this may be one of the food trucks going to neighborhoods if requested. I have yet to try one of their rolls to tell if it’s the real deal or not, but the pics on their Instagram look pretty darn close to a Maine lobster roll.
>this doom and gloom doesn’t help anyone  I'm tired of this perspective. It's why action towards human caused climate change is sluggish at best after 50+ years of sounding the alarms.  The most the Doom and Gloom is trying to present right now is asking for everyone to stay the fuck home. Stay the fuck home! That's it! Staying home isn't JUST for yourself. It's for the people around you, especially if you have elderly nearby. Because you, the youth, can be an asymptomatic carrier, which does spell doom for your grandma.   As always, it's the idiots that ruin it for everyone.
It's not like that's the only group division on every single information source. There are plenty going by decade then 60 or 70+.
Y'all need to stop looking at it as 1% death and look at it like 20-40% hooked up to breathing machines for at least a week with the worst flu you can imagine.
I mean, one of the people in Raleigh who most recently died was in his 30’s. I’m not sure what other evidence you need.
The other thing being overlooked is comorbidities. Heart disease, diabetes, obesity, chronic lung disease, etc. The outcomes for these people are worse that people without these conditions. There's also some indication that people with asthma, severe pollen allergies, and smokers (including cigarettes, marijuana, vaping) are more susceptible to the damaging inflammation caused by COVID-19.  That being said, I think your overall point is maybe not complete:  >...we \[young people\] are mainly doing this for older people not ourselves.  Young people should be exercising social distancing to help vulnerable people (which includes young people that may have a comorbidity or smoke or have asthma or have severe pollen allergies).  Now, there's some indication that non-mild cases of COVID-19 are leaving people with lung damage. It's not known if this damage is permanent or not but it would certainly leave one more vulnerable to many other diseases. If you end up with "bronchitis" due to COVID-19 even though you weren't hospitalized, you may have suffered some amount of lung damage. Regardless of how minor the damage is, your total lung capacity continually decreases from your 30s onward, so you'll want to preserve lung health as much as possible else another coronavirus outbreak will claim your life.  So, you're not just doing it for your grandma. You're doing it for quite a few people including some young people. Furthermore, you'll be old yourself one day (hopefully) and if you don't instill these traits upon your descendants then when the pandemic of 2072 hits, all the youth will be running around spreading disease everywhere killing old people.
He is working on a dock in a house that is not his current residence or place of abode. We have an elderly population, a scarcity of stores/supplies, and a limited health system. He does not have to be here. He's bored (his words.) Meanwhile he's going to the grocery and hardware store daily. His travel is exactly the kind of thing the order is trying to prevent.
It's not within the bounds of the order. He stays at his home in another area mon to wed and leaves his wife and comes here to work on his dock from thurs to sun. Meanwhile he goes to the grocery store and hardware store daily.
I guess we just need to start renting out small rooms in every store then if you can afford it you can go wherever you feel like it during a stay at home order because you’ll technically still be at home(s) no matter where you go.
Doesn't make it right. It's a stay at home order, not drive between your two homes order.
What about getting into a car?  What about driving a bus?     We as a society accept risks.  There's a line of action to be done here besides suspending the Constitution for all citizens and destroying the Economy.
> You’re not isolating for you.  That's a big reason some idiots are purposefully not taking this seriously.  Being asked to do something for others goes against their "i got mine, fuck you" philosophy they have married themselves to.
That’s the way to go unfortunately.
Old people are out like a MF where I'm at.   Only young people are actually doing what they're supposed to, and we're the ones who are unlikely to have any problems.  They also have the money to buy 1900 rolls of TP and essentials. They're hoarding.  When one of them dies the EMS will roll into their house and you won't be able to walk through it for all the hand sanitizer and TP they bought that they aren't actually using.
It was at Walmart two days ago too. I was happy to see it because that means the ppl who hoarded tons aren’t going to be able to resell it
"Rites" of passage.
Hi jimbochimbo, your comment has been removed because you used a slur that's generally considered direspectful and violates rule 1.  Out of respect for other users please refrain from using slurs in the future.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/NorthCarolina) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is the food truck that came to our hood. I didn’t get one, but I was told that the seafood was cold, and that they serve it cold on purpose.
Had one at a food truck festival last year, honestly not that impressed maybe its just me but no mayo, cold lobster and butter that isn't melted on cold bread isn't good, also they were out of chips and drinks but still charged me the full $15 for a 5 inch roll. Normally the price is not a problem but I didn't like it and it the service was pretty bad, the two girls inside the truck basically ignored m and stood there texting while they weren't even making the food for a good 10 minutes
That’s still completely untrue. This virus can be bad, no doubt, but the majority of people are recovering very quickly without being hospitalized. And 20-40% that’s an awfully big range you created there. Also, most people aren’t being hooked up to ventilators. This outbreak is still nothing compared to the just under a million dead in the flu outbreak of 2009.
That’s one person so it’s anecdotal and not indicative of any large threat to young people. Young people would be scared of the stat was 40% of people ages 20-30 but it’s not that. Young people don’t have to worry that much we are mainly doing this for older people not ourselves.  People need to stop using stupid stats like you did because any young person with a brain can see right through the attempted manipulation.
Sorry didn’t read your whole thing but pretty sure I agreed. My general view is young people need to stay in for the good of the whole community even tho they are not at high risk themselves. If they happen to have another factor (heart disease etc) then that type of young person should take extra precautions. I’m just annoyed at people trying to use bad statistics to manipulate young people. We are capable of doing the right thing with no manipulation.
No. Not at all. This order is trying to prevent people from going to restaurants and then going to that restaurant and walking around the mall, going to movies, or maybe a park. It’s purpose isn’t to stop people from traveling to one property to another. It’s seems more to me that you have a personal grudge with this guy because he’s doing nothing wrong.
The state order permits travel between residences...
From the order itself, Essential Activities: "viii. **Place Of Residence.** To Return to or travel between one's place or places of residence for purposes including, but not limited to, child custody or visitation arrangements."  Does the order have a ridiculous amount of exceptions? Yes. Is your neighbor breaking any part of the order? No.
When you drive a vehicle there are rules of the road you have to follow so you don't endanger other motorists. You can't drive on the left side of the road if you feel like it, nor go whatever speed you desire.  Acceptable risk: Granting driving licenses to the general public after they show basic knowledge and abilities.   Unacceptable risk: Letting people drive however they want because in their personal risk assessment, they can take so-and-so road at 120mph.  Same applies to our current situation and state-wide order.  Acceptable risk: Going out for a walk, or to the store for essentials while maintaining a cautious distance.  Unacceptable risk: Letting people freely gather in large groups.  The Constitution is not suspended, and we will all get through this faster the more people are diligent about mitigating spread of disease.
It’s a shame how selfish some people are.
And it's not universal (my right-wing family up in NY is now FINALLY taking it seriously that it's fucking hell up there, and pretending they weren't laughing about it and defiantly ignoring recommendations a few weeks ago) but most people I know who are still refusing to cooperate with the rest of the country are decidedly right-leaning.  Weird!
Definitely. Maybe TP wouldn't have gotten so bad so quick if they started earlier.
Lots of olds out here too. There’s been no tp or sanitizer since like 3/15. I’ve been limiting going out to once a week for everything and I’m gonna try to make that less due to HOW MANY GODDAMN PEOPLE ARE OUT WHEN I GO
I live in asheboro and GEEZ LOUISE the old people are out like crazy. My neighbor is in his 70s and he leaves at least 4 times a day, and his family comes over three times a week and visits. My office faces my yard so I’m not creepy, I promise.
Yep, got two separate texts from boomers telling me to fill up my car at BJs for $1 gas. Mf I don't need gas, I'm not going anywhere.
The stores should be limiting things, but that puts them in a terrible place with their customers. Some stores open early for seniors only, I think Food Dog does this on Mon and Wed? Def don’t go there on early senior days.
I blame autocorrect on my phone for this
seafood in general or a maine lobster roll?
because the virus thrives in cold, mayonnaise-swimming fake crab meat pseudo lobster fish product??
The lobster is supposed to be cold but the roll should be hot. Someone else commented below that the roll wasn’t even heated up and that’s a shame.
That’s not good! A Maine lobster roll will be gobbled with mayo and served cold on a hot roll. I guess I’ll pass on them. I’ve been dying for a good lobster roll since we left Maine, but I guess I’m stuck making my own.
How many deaths until it's a catastrophe for you? We're over 6000 in the US.
Focusing only on the death statistics is minimizing how seriously ill this virus gets people. Sure, some have very mild symptoms, but a significant percentage end up hospitalized. That's not just a little sick; they're hospitalized for multiple days. And getting too many people seriously ill at once will kill more people from the strain on the medical system--including non-covid deaths. How about all the immuno-compromised under 50s?   So you're personally not afraid of death? Great. Whoopideedoo. Talking about the real statistics and real dangers of the virus isn't doom and gloom. Are you more likely to recover than suffer permanent damage or death? Yes. Do you want to catch this virus and risk it? Fuck no. It's still very serious even if you're not likely to die. This minimizing crap is much worse than the "doom and gloom" you're complaining about.
It’s not doom and gloom. It’s realism. You say you’re not downplaying it, but that is exactly what you’re doing. The virus is putting people of all ages in the hospital. Young people have a better chance of responding positively to medical care if they can get it. But if they can’t get it because they all listened to people like you and the hospitals filled up, then a lot more of them are going to die.
The ones being hospitalized are. That's the issue. It's a long treatment time for those that require vents.
I gave you a statistical evidence and you didn't like it.  I gave you an anecdotal evidence and you didn't like.  I'm not sure what else I can do other than call you malicious for downplaying the effect this virus has on younger people. You are part of the problem contributing to people not taking this virus and the necessary precautions to slow its spread and flatten the curve seriously.
>Sorry didn’t read your whole thing but pretty sure I agreed  Stopped reading right there because I'm pretty sure you just posted a bunch of garbage.
Say he picks up the virus up in town at his main home somewhere, then goes to his vacation home over the weekend but is asymptomatic. So he's out getting gas, picking up deck screws at the hardware store, and grabbing some groceries--all public places in this small town with limited healthcare resources--shedding this virus. He could unknowingly be introducing it to other people in this town, where it then spreads like wildfire.
>Unacceptable risk: Letting people freely gather in large groups.  Fair enough.  Also Unacceptable risk: shutting down all businesses and driving record unemployment.
Entirely possible. There are so many ways we as a country, states and individuals could have gotten a few ducks in a row before things got bad.
I got 3/4 of a tank of gas (I'm poor, all I could afford) about 2 weeks ago, and now I only have 6/8 of a tank left.
Many stores do limit the high demand stuff, like hand sanitizer.   But that doesn't stop people from coming through the line more than once.    People are bad. :(
Fair enough, it's one of those phrases that a lot of people get wrong because they rarely see it in print so figured you might like to know!  It was a bit of an r/boneappletea moment.
Yeah no mayo really killed it and cold lobster with butter is a no go for me because the butter solidified and just doesn’t feel good in the mouth
That’s still such an incredibly small figure compared to the people who have recovered and those who weren’t effected/showed little to no symptoms.
Your stat is general and doesn’t give any actual info so it’s not a good stat. I am staying home and doing my part for others but I know I’m not at much risk. You can lie to scaremongering if you want but doesn’t change the fact that my chance of being hospitalized is near 0. Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
Not true but sorry you feel that way.
Profits over people, am I right?
Tell that to the [900,000 - 2,000,000](https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-uk-report-projects-2-million-deaths-without-action-2020-3) extra Americans who would be estimated to die from this virus if we did nothing to stop its spread.
haha I see what you there
That sounds horrendous. I appreciate you giving your review!
And people still aren't taking it seriously. You are, I get that, I'm not saying you specifically aren't taking this seriously. So you're tired of seeing it everywhere because you know and you get it and it's exhausting, but other people still aren't getting it. So when someone comes along and posts anything that looks like "well not THAT many people are gonna die, so tone down the negativity because it's stressful", it's gonna catch some flak.
"the international health and economic disaster isn't a catastrophe!"
Hundreds of thousands of Americans *will* die from this.  Milllions *could* die if they all listen to this "it's just doom and gloom" rhetoric of yours.  Please, just shut up and stay home.
I guess we should just not worry about it since it's such a small percentage, it's not like 1% of the population is still 3 million people or that percentage would rise drastically if that number of people *actually* got infected because there wouldn't be enough beds or equipment.   Yup let's just blow it off and let millions die for the 1%. What's the goal of people like you trying to downplay this?
Let's just say this: The worst thing about being overly cautious is you're inconvenienced. The worst thing about not being cautious enough is you die.   I rather people choose the former.
Well, if someone doesn't have the time to read a civil and informative post on a very important topic then I'm pretty sure they're not trying to have a serious discussion. Thus, your reply was meaningless.
Supply Side Jesus is shedding a tear for all the lost profits right now :'(
so the choices are do nothing or shut down everything?  Awesome.
Wow, talk about pure incorrect information. 1% of people under the age of 50 have a chance of dying. That’s roughly 160 million people. 1% of that is 1.6 million. And that’s a big IF they even get COVID in the first place.
For me the worst thing that can happen is I give it to someone else and they die. That’s the truth. The chances of me dying are near 0. I’m capable of understanding I need to stay in for others and so are other youngies. We don’t need to be scaremongered by bullshit stats.
Dude you wrote a damn book. It’s not that complicated of an issue. I read your thing and my summary in two sentences was better and had all you need to know. If you’ve ever wondered why people think you are annoying and overbearing now you know. Yes I know I’m an asshole and I’ve chosen that path for my life. Thanks and good day.
No.  The choices in risk management are *never* do nothing or stop everything.  They're always: find a reasonable trade-off to optimize health and safety and minimize cost.  If we wanted to shut down literally everything we could enact martial law and shoot everyone who left their house, which we obviously are not doing because that would be overkill and counterproductive.  What you're seeing is the best lawmakers could come up with for a reasonable compromise to make sure fewer people die.  Non-essential people stay home, essential people don't.  Minimize contact and eliminate large public gatherings, allow other workers to continue their jobs.  Just because you *see* it as an absolute, doesn't *mean* it is an absolute.  Hyperbolic false dichotomies aren't helping anyone here.
>It really is a situation where the ones who can’t behave are ruining it for everyone  Big facts bro. We'll get through this together (separately). Y'all keep staying safe out there.
Then what is your goal here?  Just to convince others not to follow them?
There are over 300 million people in the US right now. Seriously what is your end goal with this argument? What's the point of downplaying this?
statistically the chances of most people dying is near 0 but that doesn't mean you won't be breathing for a tube for a week. The survival rate includes radical treatments not just people with mild symptoms stuck at home for 2 weeks.
Well, if you can't spend 10 seconds reading a comment then you're not only an asshole but you're an asshole with poor reading skills.
I’m not downplaying anything. Just calling you on your BS saying plenty of younger people are dying which is simply untrue.
Ok. And you are an asshole for insulting my reading skills. I didn’t have the luxury of a college education to write books on Reddit for people that don’t care.
Again, it's not negativity.  It's realism.  Reality is negative right now.  There's a pandemic circling the world that will probably kill tens of millions of people around the world, and that's the *good* outcome.  Killing hundreds of thousands of Americans is the *good* outcome.  This is a very serious thing, and there is still to this day an undercurrent of people saying it's fake, saying it's the flu, saying it's not serious and we should all go back to work.  Your words align very closely with that dangerous sentiment.
Except it's not?  By all means go lick some doorknobs if you think you'll be fine though.
You've spent more time arguing about reading it than reading it would have taken in the first place. Clearly you weren't pressed for time.
My dude, quit fixating on me. I didn't insult your reading skills, I merely pointed out that, based on the evidence provided, they're lacking. Don't beat yourself up for not being educated. Have a great day!
It’s is though because it’s just not true. I go to work every week and interact with dozens and dozens of people and lo and behold I’m quite fine.   81% of deaths occur in people equal to or older than the age of 60 so tell me again that plenty of younger people are dying.
In Italy, at least, it’s the older people dying because they’re giving the ventilators to the younger people  “It’s is though because it’s just not true. I go to work every week and interact with dozens and dozens of people and lo and behold I’m quite fine.”  It could be that you’re either incredibly lucky (which I hope is the case) or you’ve been unknowingly passing it on to people.  Either way I hope you have a mask if you’re interacting this much
I definitely don’t wear a mask because there is no necessity to. I’m out working to keep money in the bank. People should know the risk of going out in public and getting things they want/need.  If they know their own risk then they can decide whether or not they want to leave their house. I’m not going to change my current lifestyle to accommodate other people’s worries.
This is your warning.  Tone it down.

Public Library services during Coronavirus
Are your county's public libraries still open or providing any public service? My wife's is still offering curbside pickup to patrons despite much internal opposition. I am trying to gauge the responses of other counties, it seems most are closed. I've only been able to identify 6 systems open so far. No one from our county seems to have the fortitude to call for ceasing public interactions. Library customers are some of the most vulnerable populations and providing them an excuse to go out just seems dangerous. The ability of the virus to survive for days on typical library materials (books, dvds) seems pretty well documented. I just hope her library isn't doing more harm than good.
The ALA is recommending closing all libraries. Unfortunately, that creates some issues for our day to day patrons, and it’s a really cruddy decision to have to make. Being the only way some folks can access a computer/internet, or reasonable shelter, we are essential, however, not risking our lives is essential as well. One library that I know of was reduced to a 3 day schedule. I haven’t checked my county library, I’ve not been employed for about 3 years now in the library system locally. College libraries as well as their colleges are mostly closed.  It’s a tough time for public libraries to have to navigate.
Ours closed.
I know the folks at the Durham County Library are frustrated. The new main branch is scheduled to open next month and they were going to have a grand opening with all kinds of fuss. I’m frustrated, too. I hope they at least have some kind of livestreamed event to tease us before opening to the public in a couple of months (or so).
Mecklenburg is closed!
Fontana Regional Libraries (Swain, Macon, and Jackson Counties) have been closed for 2-3 weeks. They originally planned to close for 2 weeks, but have currently extended that until the end of this month. It wouldn't surprise me if that gets extended again if the situation hasn't changed for the better by then.  They toyed around with and even attempted the same stupid ideas you have described for about a week before finally giving in and closing.
It is a difficult time. I think a lot of the arguments for them continuing to offer service seem silly. Our library isn't letting people in, so no one is taking advantage of shelter. And the entire downtown area around the library is already blanketed in free wifi from the city.
Yeah, opening a new branch would be a huge driver of traffic to the library. That has to be frustrating for them to have to find a path forward until this passes.
Jeez, I am sorry to hear that. We are still doing curbside. And now the librarians who have this chance of exposure are also using the sewing machine in the maker space to make masks for county employees.
WiFi yes.... but still, not everyone has devices. And when you are homeless anyway, smartphones are not the easiest purchase.  Also, at least where I live, it’s rural with really bad public transportation so if you live out in the “country” you may not have access to WiFi or even internet in your home. Lack of broadband access is still a big issue, even now.  I know if a woman with 3 kids, no internet access l, no devices, and all their lessons have moved to online. She’s frantic, and a library would be her only option at this time.
Yeah, I agree a library is probably the best current solution for many people in that situation. But if it's already closed to the public, the curbside services are just encouraging elderly and other vulnerable populations to venture outside. The real solution to that problem is that internet access needs to be operated as a utility.
It’s not a perfect system by any means.

Staffing levels worry NC hospitals anticipating coronavirus patient surge

When you go down the list of what all is needed beyond "ventilators" (which are a very last resort method of treatment), and look at what all human resources are needed at that level of care, the scenario becomes more dire.   ******************  >Each COVID-19 patient admitted to the hospital to treat the virus needs a squad of health care workers — not just doctors and nurses — to care for them, whether in the intensive care unit or a less severe acute care unit.  >“Staffing is determined by the condition and diagnosis of the patient,” explained Meghan Berney, a spokeswoman for CaroMont Regional Hospital in Gaston County.  >Berney explained that a COVID-19 patient on supportive oxygen therapy — which could range from simple supplemental oxygen to sedated intubation — would need a care team including the following:  >* Registered nurse — from a 1-to-1 or 3-to-1 ratio, depending on patient condition.       >* Certified nursing assistant — depending on patient condition and nurse ratio from above.   >* Hospitalist — inpatient physician.   >* Intensivist — critical care physician.  >* Respiratory therapist — depending on patient condition.  >* Specialist(s) — should a specialty physician consult be needed (cardiac, neuro, pulmonary, etc.).  >* Ancillary staff — phlebotomists, environmental services, food services, facility services (these staff would be limited depending on patient diagnosis).  >Hospital administrators say the defining factor in their ability to care for sick patients may be whether they have enough qualified and healthy staff to tend to them.  >“There’s a facility footprint, and then there’s a human resource footprint, and trying to align those is tricky,” said Dr. Joseph Rogers, the chief medical officer for the Duke University Health System. “We can repurpose a lot of space. We can’t go out and hire 1,000 new nurses or respiratory therapists or physicians.”
Our local hospital is over staffed right now. With all the elective surgeries canceled and reduced trauma cases, lot of nurses just working odd shifts waiting for the worst of it to pass I guess.
I am close with a medical provider that works in a hospital in Jacksonville and they are looking to cut shifts for doctors and NP’s.   As of today they are looking to cut 50 hours a week from their ER provider schedule.

Coronavirus Spread by Country until April 3!


Do you know anyone from North Carolina that's been laid off or unemployed due to the coronavirus? Please invite them to join the Facebook group called North Carolina Unemployed.


NC coronavirus cases surpass 3,000, doubling in six days


Coronavirus emergency shines light on common-sense reforms

A few of these really are common sense. Depending on the job telecommuting might be ideal.  Think of all the toxic work places that could be improved, the gas money saved, the environment, the time with family because no commute. Between e mail, Zoom, Facetime, Slack etc... most business  units could be run on a remote working format.  I had no idea about alcohol being purchased and delivered from other stares. Where we states earning honest tax dollars we don’t replicate their effort, nope not us, we give them more tax dollars  And I will close with the need for Medical Marijuana.
A lot of these do make sense, but I'm iffy on teleschooling as an effective tool in all or even most cases outside of an emergency, and especially the reasoning that those school-age kids could be working a job. There are significant limitations ranging from equal access to pedagogical questions, and what we've seen with existing teleschooling programs from before this crisis is not promising. Our teachers are busting ass to make the best of it now, but it's not ready for primetime.  If kids need to work so their families can cover basic needs, the root problem there is not absolutely not compulsory education.   Lifting restrictions on alcohol, increased telework and telemedicine, and a lot of the rest make perfect sense, assuming some reasonable safeguards come with them: making sure we're able to check ID for alcohol, that we have appropriate labor protections for remote work and reasonable standards for telemedicine.
>Removing regulations that artificially limit the capacity of hospitals and independent physicians can help increase access and decrease costs in health care every day — not just during a crisis.  But.... empty beds still cost money to maintain, and that cost is paid by the occupied beds... driving the cost up per patient stay.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Retracting Certificate of Need makes a lot of sense. Why do communities need to limit the amount of hospital services in their area? Seems like an archaic way of artificially limiting hospital beds in a community and stymieing competition.    Then you have hospitals like UNC that have mammoth multi hospital systems in small areas like Chapel Hill.
Can we seriously start a write-in campaign to repeal certificate of need laws in our state. These are log outdated and only preserve the monopoly of a few health care providers keeping all of our costs higher.  Reddit...You can do this!! Be the change!!
The government is the single largest employer in the state and could have the greatest impact through improving their ability to work remotely while continuing to serve the people who live here.
You're probably only a couple decades away!

Odd coronavirus number today
So today we added 351 new cases, however there were only 356 total new tests, which means only 5 were negative. Is this due to stricter testing criteria? Or are some counties not reporting negatives anymore? Just seems odd, we’ve been holding about a 5/6% positive rate, so a 98% positive rate just seems really out of place.
They have limited testing, so they are only testing people who have significant symptoms. Unsurprisingly, if you have significant symptoms you are overwhelmingly positive.
I can tell you for a fact that the numbers from Wayne County were deliberately held back until recently - they under reported a break out in a Mount Olive nursing home. I can't remember the exact number, but I know it was double digits and under twenty (which accounts for the big jump in the county's numbers).
It’s probably just a lag in gathering all the data.   It’s an unfortunate side effect of trying for real time updates.
There is a pretty significant lag in the tests resulting which impacts that number.  Labcorp starting with a 3-5 day to result timeframe, but anymore that’s been closer to 10 days.
We are not testing in outpatient facilities. (but we should be)
Based on hearsay in Mecklenburg,  you almost need a prescription to get tested plus show some symptoms.   Allergy season is in full force now, so I believe a lot of people aren't tested.
It's laughable that there would only be 5 negative tests, all things considered. Previously the test to positive ratio was somewhere around 10%, so hitting 99% positive test rate seems really out of order.
Also if so many people are asymptomatic that means it's far less deadly than what the reported numbers are showing.
I have also heard ( possibly fact, possibly gossip) that there are people who have a natural antibody to this virus. I suppose they could have the virus and carry it indefinitely?  There is presedence for this in people who are immune to HIV, they have an altered CKR5 gene. So it’s not too far fetched to think that there are people simply immune to certain viruses   We just frittered golden time with this thing
in what universe? everything is down in the US markets today.
not sure where you are seeing that, everything is down today
Well if they are only testing people who need hospital care it would be completely feasible.
Only down 26pts as of now, its been in the green all day.
it's been a roller-coaster all day https://imgur.com/EvcFnf0

Publix is lying to it's associates about coworkers with the coronavirus [just a reminder that Covid spreads easily and visiting your grocers/ gas stations often is probably NOT a good idea]

Don't visit often, but also don't hoard, but wear a mask, but you don't need to wear a mask.  I said before this got started that we would see the Katrina response but on a national level, and I think that's been proven out.  The totality of the government response has been; stop the public from panicking by holding out a carrot for *sometime* in the future (the stimulus checks), and cover our own ass from losses (stock selloffs and fortunate positions in companies who will profit during the crisis).  This crisis didn't have to be one. Look at South Korea. Mass testing with stringent social distancing and proper local and regional health boards taking firm and decisive actions could have nipped this whole thing in the bud. We still have passenger flights in the air for God's sake, not to mention rich assholes on private jets bouncing around.  The whole thing is absurd, and they've ensured complacency in the public by dangling $1200 bucks.  They should all face serious consequences when this is "over", not that it will ever be, since due to the government's inept response, coronavirus is here to stay for the foreseeable future (10-14 months).
Why don't you alert the media and try to get them in trouble if you are concerned?  Posting on Reddit probably won't do anything.

Gov. Roy Cooper announces plans for new executive orders amid coronavirus outbreak

Home Depot and Lowes need to do it like Costco and limit the number of people that are allowed in the store at a given time. There's no reason for entire families with kids, grandparents, cousins and shit to milling about at the Home Depot.
I'm sensing there been more people out and about in the last couple of days at least in my semi rural area of the triangle. A good bit more road traffic.
All this and the place I work said you can only take off if you have a fever AND cough. Lol expendable I mean essential.
The reason for wearing a mask in essential public places is not to protect one's self, it is to protect others from you should you become an asymptomatic carrier.     I went to Senior Hours at Publix, nearly all of us Seniors were wearing masks, none of the healthy young staff were.      Masks on grocery store employees would suit me just fine.
> April 07, 2020 02:21 PM - Cooper said he is planning for new executive orders this week, including limiting the number of people who can be in retail stores at once. He’s also discouraged people from gathering for the upcoming Easter and Passover holidays.  >“We are preparing an executive order to put more guardrails on social distancing at our essential retailers,” Cooper said. “I know many stores have already put limits on how many people can be in stores at once, and this will ensure those limits are mandatory across the state.”  >Later Tuesday, he issued one of the new executive orders to add more flexibility in law enforcement training so people training for new positions can pause their training and resume at a later date.
And yet my cousin is able to cross the NC/VA border 5 days a week for a job that VA has on its essential list but NC doesn't.
Cannot wait to vote against him in November. This whole thing has flipped my party ties and for the first time I'm planning on voting straight ticket against the party i used to support more. Petty tyrants making petty power grabs.
A big part of me thinks he's just doing this to make it look like he's doing something. These kinds of extra steps are not necessary and will most likely not make a difference.
Hooray. Let’s keep destroying the economy. Saving 1 life is worth the government signing a 2.2 trillion dollar bill. Next we’ll put politicians family members in positions that receive this money. If you don’t agree with me, you want Americans to die because you’re a heartless pos.
This is getting way out of hand.
Even Walmart and Target have been doing this. Something tells me that if you're behind Walmart on precautionary measures, that's not a positive.
Home depot in Garner is already doing this
Home depot is already doing that. At least the one near me. They have someone at the entrance and someone at the exit counting people. When I went last weekend it was early in the day with few customers, but I'm pretty sure once they hit a certain number of people in the store, it becomes "one out, one in."
They are here in Raleigh, at least Home Depot is.
Yeah, I'm close to a few main thoroughfares, and by my unscientific analysis, Monday and Tuesday were busier than the previous week.
Happy cake day!
This! Seniors want to prevent getting germs. Masks prevent you from spreading germs you may have. So yes, clerks and cashiers need to be wearing masks.
There are tons of essential work that isn't retail like any light industrial/warehousing. All the precautions in these places are just pieces of paper telling workers to be safe and probably just staggering shifts and breaks.
Better late than never I suppose, but this seems like stuff that should have been implemented weeks a go
South Carolina is so far behind us in their measures its crazy
What, COVID?  Sure is. Turns out when people can't follow directions to stay at home, more restrictions go into place until people comply and we lower the numbers of infections.   Simple stuff really. Stay at home unless you absolutely can't or there will be more and more restrictions.
Yeah but some Walmart managers are doing a terrible job of enforcing the rules. One Walmart I go to follows them perfectly. Only 20% or so capacity, with an orderly line with 6ft between everyone. But most of them aren't like that. Instead of a line its just a mass of people all clumped together waiting to get in.
Yeah, the Walmart I work in is limiting customers.  Our limit is 720.  I repeat 720.  I'm sure we don't even have that many on black friday.   So not really limiting at all.
The Lowes closest to me isn't doing it at all. Which sucks because that parking lot has been slammed packed the last week or so
I was talking to a cashier at Food Lion a couple weeks ago when they first put in the shields - I said maybe they ought to just keep them up after this is over to avoid, you know, regular gross germs, not just the current monster germ, and he said it made him feel like he worked in a convenience store on the bad side of town. I bet they're going to be up for a while, though.
I mean I get it but honestly nothingnis going to be worse than standing outside a goddamn grocery for two hours waiting to be allowed in to get food. This is what's going to cause riots when people wait all day only to be turned away at closing.
Talking about our governor actually.
outside of maybe costco, where are you waiting outside a grocery store for hours to get in?
What that he is responding to a threat based on guidance from other local, state, and federal leaders?
Tbh you won't even get to watch them because hospitals are not allowing visitors for COVID patients.
Nowhere yet because they aren't restricting people yet. You wait til people have to wait in a line to buy food. It's not going to be as hunky-dory as you think.
The governor is in a tough spot for sure, he has to do these kinds of things bit he could be a little less dramatic (saying the sounds of life are gone when they're only temporarily postponed).  I'm interested in seeing his end game, how does he undo what he has had to do? Does he issue an executive order voiding all the rest? Does he specifically mandate things like opening or dining rooms? Will be interesting to watch.
I mean a lot of stores have already implemented limitations, Costco among them, luckily crime is down so law enforcement should be able to have a presence
PM me when the first riot happens here, lol.
Late reply but yes he just resinds all executive orders created during the emergency. He doesn't have to make an executive order to undo them.  If he wants to open restaurants and such but wants to change the parameters he can just edit the executive order in place.
One of the Covid deaths here in Brunswick county was told to stay at home until their test came back positive, and they died before the test came back.  It's really easy to lower your amount of cases in the hospital if you let them just die at home instead.  Problem solved, right?
> luckily crime is down so law enforcement should be able to have a presence  My cousin who lives in Rockingham county says the only thing the police in his town care about is whether your license tags are valid or expired. So if they are at the store, they're more likely walking the parking lot looking for expired tags.
I've heard several government officials and economic experts say that these executive orders are not some kind of a switch that can just be flipped off and expect that everything will just go back to normal.  One official stated quite emphatically that another set of executive orders may be required to undo the first set but I don't know how that would work. I guess you could mandate that dining rooms reopen within a set time frame but can you mandate that people (whose habits will have changed) go there.  When churches reopen after the restrictions on gathering are lifted is up to the leadership of that church or denomination. My church estimates that it would be at least two Sundays after the lifting of restrictions before any services take place and the Governor can't rush that.  Sports leagues would have their own set of logistics which I would think they're already working on, but there again can you mandate game attendance?
I'm not sure where those people are getting their info. The state executive orders work the same as federal that are done by the President. [Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_order)
More than we know, that's for sure. Not counting the people they're not testing, or again, telling to stay at home.  They're almost triaging by phone.
> I'm not sure where those people are getting their info.  This came from people who are in a position to know. Basically said that Cooper would have to executive order his way out of the current ones. My question is does he have the authority to mandate that dining rooms open and even more questionable does he have the authority to mandate we eat there? Can he mandate that non-essential businesses reopen? And he has no authority whatsoever to order churches to open.Hopefully he's working on that solution when the time comes.
Im not going to argue about people but as someone who has worked in the government and in different government agencies, he would just take away the executive orders. After that everyone is free to do as they please just as before the orders went into effect.

Resources for businesses who have been affected by the coronavirus
This is an unprecedented time for everyone in North Carolina and with the statewide stay-at-home order, businesses everywhere are struggling to keep their doors open. Here is a list of resources for businesses in North Carolina that can help. It's a list of loans available, how to file an unemployment insurance claim, new family and medical leave rules, and even how to begin producing PPE to support healthcare workers. With all the uncertainty floating around about the economy and our state, hopefully this list can answer some questions for people and start connecting them to resources that can help.Business Resources: https://edpnc.com/covid-19-resources/

Outer Banks property owners fight for access to homes amid coronavirus outbreak

From the stay at home order, Section 1.3.viii allows travel between place(s) of residence with no restriction on specific reasons but does offer examples.   If it is your home, it is your home. You may travel between places of residence and Dare county is preventing that.
Hope the county loses. This is owned property with taxes paid. Block rentals but not owners.
I would imagine these people have local property managers that check on the property and fix what might be broken.  So it looks to me like people feeling entitled to quarantine/SAH in their real estate setting of choice. They appear even more enthused now that they have made their quarantine rights a cause celebre.
>On a personal note, I don't really have a ton of empathy for generally fairly wealthy people who own second homes on islands that are heavily subsidized by my tax dollars getting yet another leg up on the average joe.  dare county is a net contributor to state tax revenue. but yeah fuck the glorified tourons having a sad because they can't go see their rental houses for a few weeks
And Section 4, A says if local restrictions are tighter, that's ok.
At the moment Dare County has 14 confirmed cases and one death, last I checked, but a lot of people here are elderly or impoverished. As a resident I don’t see how it suits anyone for a property owner to willfully and knowingly come to enjoy their second home being potentially infected and spreading the disease to an area that is otherwise relatively controlled. Stay at your primary residence until the local government deems it safe for you to return. The economy is run almost entirely on tourism here, the situation isn’t a result of a decision that doesn’t have the best interest of the community in mind.
I live here, most of the jobs that are still operating are property management companies and the contractors/employees that carry out maintenance to the houses themselves as well as the landscaping and right now is the peak season for this type of work to be carried out so that any repairs or cosmetic improvements can be completed before the tourism season starts so the properties are ready to accommodate guests.
They should have invested in a full VR setup. Much cheaper.
beach nourishment is funded through local occupancy taxes and county contributions
you've posted an opinion piece and a general info page that says nothing about how beach nourishment projects in dare county are funded  here's the info you're looking for  https://www.darenc.com/government/beach-nourishment/frequently-asked-questions  it's locally funded  in fact i'll spare you the burden of having to click further down that page and quote the relevant part:  >How is beach nourishment funded?   >A portion of the 6% Occupancy Tax collected by Dare County is set aside for the Beach Nourishment Fund. The occupancy tax is applied to gross receipts derived from rental of room, lodging, campsite, or similar accommodation furnished by any hotel, motel, inn, tourist camp including private residence and cottages rented to visitors. The Beach Nourishment Fund must be used for the placement of sand, from other sand sources, the planting of vegetation, and the building of structures that are in conformity with NC CAMA, such as sand fences and dunes, on beaches of the Atlantics Ocean of North Carolina for the purpose of widening the beach to benefit public recreational use and mitigating damage and erosion from storms to inland property. In addition, funds for beach nourishment are also provided by property and municipal service district taxes.   >Occupancy Tax Distribution Rate  >3% Room Occupancy Tax (68% of net proceeds to Duck, Kill Devil Hills, Kitty Hawk, Manteo, Nags Head and Southern Shores in proportion to the amount of ad valorem taxes levied by each town for the preceding fiscal year and 32% to Dare County)1% Room Occupancy and Tourism Development Tax (net proceeds to the Dare County Tourism Board)2% Room Occupancy and Tourism Development Tax for Beach Nourishment    
>You're saying 100% of tax dollars being spent to protect the dunes and restore the beach are locally sourced?   yes that's what locally sourced means. and i'm not saying it the county itself is saying it. you can go a step further and cross reference the county budget which is a public document with announced nourishment projects to verify that they are in fact locally funded   >Some people just want to fight about everything...  pointing out someone doesn't know what they're talking about isn't fighting
that's from fema hurricane disaster relief earmarked for nc separate from the regular nourishment program  from a little further down in your article:  >So far, county and town tax revenues generate enough to keep rebuilding the shoreline in front of all the communities every six to eight years  all that proves is local tax revenues are sufficient to fund the bulk of an emergency nourishment project on top of the planned regular nourishment cycle

New Cooper order limits access to retail stores amid coronavirus crisis in NC

It would be great if grocery stores always had one-way aisles, especially Trader Joe’s. Yes, I know it’s ridiculous and wouldn’t work well, but it sounds dreamy.
Starting on Monday, store occupancy will be limited to no more than 20 percent of stores’ fire capacity.
Are restaurants included in this? From the EO: "for the purposes of this Executive Order "retail establishments" include any business in which customers enter to  purchase goods or services"  My boss refuses to close the patio/outdoor seating, is still allowing people to walk in and order, doesn't want the floor taped or otherwise marked with places for people to stand and claims any signage asking people to maintain their distance and to respect not eating outside to be "tacky"  We've had.several people cough directly on us, and one customer SPAT on a coworker. There's not a tip line or anything set up for service workers to try to get things set up, and the health department hasn't even checked in with us, even though they make sure to reach out whenever power or water goes out.
The crowd at Lowe’s is RIDICULOUS.  People are out at Lowe’s because they are bored.
Where would an employee find the fire capacity at a Dollar type store?
Good. I drive by Lowes on the weekend and the parking lot is packed. I'm sure it's all just for "essentials"
Finally!
Somebody stop this man! He's drunk on power.
You don’t have to “believe”. You simply read the argument and determine its validity through logic and reason.  Enjoy your religion of pandemania, believer.
Yes you are.
“Estimates of infection fatality rates inferred from seroprevalence studies tend to be much lower than original speculations made in the early days of the pandemic.”   Not from me. This is from a epidemiology expert and published on May 13. Please accept science. Thanks.   https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.13.20101253v1
You’re delaying the inevitable. And its hypocritical  when the models you relied on were not peer reviewed either.  “The Imperial College paper was not peer reviewed. The simulation and programming that it relies on has not yet been published in the public domain.”
Those are not studies. Those are basic data sources that only give rudimentary information.   I’m talking about your love for the Imperial model, which is the basis for the lockdowns.   Good try.
Ok to be fair, you never said it yourself.  But your god Fauci did. And you have many comments supporting Fauci.   Will you renounce him now for using bad science as the basis for his policies and recommendations?
I think this proves we shouldn’t make high-stakes decisions without reliable data. The lockdown should have been completely avoided or done for a very short time to make sure the hospital system wasn’t overwhelmed.   I think you’re being harder on the antibody studies than on Neil Ferguson. You say science is working in this case, but you have already “debunked” the antibody studies even though its far too early to make those sort of conclusions.   Thanks for a more reasonable response this time.
20% is still an insane amount...  at a local Walmart that number equals over a 1000 people! Why bother!
I think that’s great! But most big grocery stores have a capacity of 800.  So, that still allows 200 in the store! We need more restrictions!!!
If McCrory were in office then this sub would be up in arms blaming him for the response.
Former senior Google software engineer on the fraudulent models. Apparently, there are major issues with the code.  Ouch. I’m sorry.   “All papers based on this code should be retracted immediately. Imperial’s modelling efforts should be reset with a new team that isn’t under Professor Ferguson, and which has a commitment to replicable results with published code from day one.   On a personal level, I’d go further and suggest that all academic epidemiology be defunded.”  https://lockdownsceptics.org/code-review-of-fergusons-model/
Let's just shut everything down...like everything. /s
God I hate our governor.
We are going in the wrong direction with this.  It is time to start opening businesses back up and lessening these restrictions, not tightening them.
I don't understand why people love them so much, they have the worst layout. I don't need to be battling for space with people buying frozen goods when I'm trying to decide which cookies I want.
Yes! I try to never take a cart in there because I feel like I'm either about to hit someone anytime I pull out of an aisle or they are about to hit me.
Might be a dumb question but does anyone knowapproximately how many people would be allowed into an average grocery store?
You might consider making an "anonymous" phone call.
Anonymous call to Department of Health? Have a friend do it if you feel uncomfortable?  Patrons chose to be there but you guys don’t.
>one customer SPAT on a coworker.  WTF is wrong with people?
It is my understanding that outside patio/seating is not allowed, even for restaurants doing curbside or take out.  I would definitely make a call to either your local police department (use the non emergency line), or the department of health.  I am going to be honest, if someone spat on me...I would probably have to have the police called regardless.  What is wrong with people?!  I am so sorry you are having to deal with this.
My parents were there...obeying social distancing lol
Time to scale back these restrictions.
The back room where they hang the NC work laws
The general rule is 5 people per 1000 square feet
I went about a week ago, had to get some house repair stuff. Lot was pretty packed but I swear it was damn near empty inside.
As I've said before, it's unnecessary
My point exactly
Oh please governor please infringe one us further!
If McCrory was in office he wouldn't have done anything unless Phil Berger told him to.
>If McCrory were in office then this sub would be up in arms blaming him for the response.  If McCrory were in office then this sub would be up in arms blaming him for **LACK** of response.  Fixed it for ya.
Would Reddit bitch about him not doing enough or bitch about him infringing on rights?
This but unironically
For protecting your health.  Wow.  You guys are like a doomsday cult.  Seriously....  FYI - There's a PANDEMIC in case you didn't know...
If YoU dOnT lIkE iT yOu CaN lEaVe
Especially when the projected numbers are getting lower by the day. Everytime they redo the model it's been getting lower.
Haha, yes, it’s terrible and I think most people agree. Even worse that they change the layout a little bit every couple of weeks. Nightmare.
So I started to do the math and I don’t have an exact number but it’s still quite a lot.  A super Walmart or super Target for example could still be allowed to have hundreds of people inside at once, with the square footage they have per store.  Think about how many people are in the stores during Black Friday for instance, now reduce that amount down to 20%.  If your goal is to reduce your exposure I would suggest smaller stores.
I told her I was glad I wasn't working, because the restaurant would've been a crime scene for sure.  And yeah, I guess next step is a DoH complaint. Just wish I knew if the EO that applies tomorrow actually included restaurants or not.
Because people aren't following them? It doesn't work that way.
[tread harder daddy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/comments/fz48s1/tread_harder_daddy/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)  Agreed. It's time to open businesses back up. The brewery in Durham has shut down because they're not allowed to brew beer, even for take out. This is getting ridiculous. Millions of people are out of work. Quarantines are to separate the sick from the healthy. Tyranny is when you restrict the movement and liberty of perfectly healthy people. We're heading that direction now, but thankfully I can come and go as I please and need to.
Yes. This is beyond ridiculous. Like I said in another post, the projected numbers go down and the NC Government panic goes up. I don't know what's going through Cooper's head but it's dumb.
Yes.  These restrictions are becoming a joke.  A little over 14,000 people have died in this country from the coronavirus.  We averaged around 8,000 deaths a day before this started.  Reasonable precautions have evolved into an overblown hysteria.
Really late reply but I just got to work today. What if our employer doesn’t hang any of that signage, including the NC work laws, anywhere in the store?
They were all in the garden section.  I had to go recently for home repair stuff also and asked an associate.  I was told, if you want garden items you go in through the garden entrance and can’t access the rest of the store without leaving and coming back in through the main entrance.
It’s 224k sq ft, it is indeed gigantic.
Sorry but an actual crisis required actual action. Your rights will be fine once it's all over.
Ok. I just find it odd that I haven't seen a single Cooper criticism on reddit. They criticize the response but not Cooper, directly. The conservatives on Facebook are very critical of Cooper's response but if McCrory were in office I'm sure they would be praising him.  In conclusion, political parties are cults.
If he didn’t do anything I would be singing his praises. But he is a coward, same as Cooper. So I’d really doubt it.
I assume that is a HB2 reference so here's a little fun fact about that bill:  **Every single state legislator who wrote/sponsored/cosponsored and voted YEA on HB2 was re-elected the year that McCrory was voted out of office.**  (Except one guy. He retired and was replaced by another Republican.)  So, we booted the guy who signed the legislation. Whoopdedoo... How about the dozens of people who are actually responsible for crafting the bill? They remain.
It does seem, that while few, some folks would get some sick pleasure in watching society crumble.
Based on what data? None of the data we have is reliable. Governor Cooper should not make high-stakes decisions without reliable data.
Your blind allegiance to the state is concerning as well. If you are scared of the outside world, stay home.
That’s because It’s working.
that's how it's supposed to work. if everything was open the numbers would be going in the opposite direction.
It's like you don't actually understand the situation.
"We should stop what's working because it's working."
The previous EO is the one that applies to restaurants and not allowing seating etc.  This EO doesn’t expand on it specifically because people aren’t supposed to be sitting and eating on the property of the restaurant already.  However, it does say all essential businesses so I would have to assume that means, yes, no more than 20% can be in the building at a time.  I would hope it would at least help the grounds portion be more enforceable.
My body, my choice
The problem, which you choose to ignore, is that it's hard to tell who is healthy and who is not. The long incubation period makes you contagious long before symptoms arise. If we opened businesses back up, numbers and deaths would surge. Actual lives are on the line. If you reopen prematurely, you start back at step one.  This isn't tyranny. How over dramatic are you?
> The brewery in Durham has shut down because they're not allowed to brew beer  which brewery? i picked up beer at durty bull today in durham and there were plenty of other local breweries selling their beer there at the weekly parking lot sale. none of them have stopped brewing.
The projected numbers went down *because* restrictions went in place. Take said restrictions away, said projections will go back up. Is such a simple concept really that difficult to understand?
They are going down because it's working. Honestly how do you make 2+2=5? I don't know. He's introduced new measures because they aren't going down quickly enough. This isn't hard and the fact that this simple of science fails you is really telling.
Dictators got to dictate.
If the restrictions are working, it will feel like they were all for nothing.
Guess you don't understand... well... anything?
They are out of compliance then. Ask your boss where it is.
I drove by yesterday, was going to pick up some lumber and a replacement drill... Nope. tons of people, no social distancing. Crazy. I'm probably gonna do a curbside pickup order or something.    Saw the signs for the separated garden area. Probably a good idea? Guessing that allows them to have more total people if they're split between the two parts, or maybe just easier to track for the new 20% restrictions?
https://i.redd.it/b8863nbzfsr41.png
> I just find it odd that I haven't seen a single Cooper criticism on reddit.  The only thing this is evidence of is that you don't reddit hard enough.   You only need to look as far as this thread to see that there is in fact more than a 'single' criticism of cooper and if you review other recent threads about this topic, other coronavirus threads, and other local subs, you will find more.
Hey, I've called Cooper a wet noodle on here.  It was probably hidden after being downvoted to oblivion.  You have to really dig to find anything that's not approved by The Party.  Uh, I mean, anything that is unpopular.
Most of Reddit, this sub included, is left leaning. And I see so much MSM misinformation being thrown around.
It's almost like electing Roy Cooper was kinda dumb.
staying at home for 3 months seems a lot less crumbly than people dying unnecessarily due to lack of hospital beds.
>Based on what data?  Was what based on data?  huh?  That you can die from coronavirus?  That there is a pandemic going on right now?  That NC currently has over 4,000 known cases which means probably 3 times that in reality due to limited testing?  You all are insufferable....
>Your blind allegiance to the state is concerning as well  Well educated, not blind in the least, but believe what you will, even if it's disconnected from reality.  Just don't expect anyone to agree... SMH  >If you are scared of the outside world, stay home.  I'm healthy, I could care less.  My concern is those that will get it bc of "muh rights" people like yourself risking those innocent citizens health and or lives.  That, sir, is my problem....  You know, simple freakin empathy for your fellow man.  Call me crazy....
I'm scared of fucking idiots like you infecting the rest of us.
Right?  Some people are fucking stupid. It's going down *because of* the restrictions. If we lift them they will skyrocket.
All these people acting like they're being oppressed just don't get it. Who benefits from shutting businesses down and keeping people indoors? If anything, many leaders across America probably waited too long to act because it would be an unpopular course of action. *Nobody* wants this. **But we have no choice**. If we don't contain this thing sufficiently, way more people will die from an already depleted healthcare system.  And it frankly pisses me off that there isn't way more testing. You want to get people back out sooner and resuscitate the economy? Then test people! Find the ones who are infected and quarantine them, let everyone else out. And test everyone again and again until we're sufficiently past this. But running more tests would reveal the full extent of how much our governments dropped the ball on this, so of course they won't do it.
Perhaps I should explain myself better. If what we've been doing is working, then why *more* restrictions? Especially ones like these that look like they'd be difficult to even enforce. They're unnecessary.  Plus it's different everywhere, In my neck of the woods the stores are staying pretty empty most of the time, at least the few times I'm ever out.
Bc they don’t.
Not when your body can potentially house and transmit a pandemic illness.
Is your username reflecting the stocks Trump banned?
A reasoned, solid answer.  Kudos!
Thanks for the tip. Also, when the order says “retail space” for the number of people allowed in a store does that include employee areas or just areas where customers are allowed to be? Wasn’t sure if you’d have any idea on that though.
Ok edgelord. Leave this to the adults in the room who actually understand the scope of the issue. Keep reading your bullshit.
>You only need to look as far as this thread  There is literally one single Cooper criticism on this thread: The person who said "God I hate our Governor" and that comment was downvoted to hell. If McCrory were in office then it would have been upvoted to the top.  Find me one Cooper criticism that has upvotes.
“The Party of cultists who complain a lot on the internet but never show up to vote and then blame it on “voter suppression” even though we get 70 hours of early voting.”
Tell it to the unemployed parents who have to figure out how to pay the bills and feed their children without an income.
Yes, the data they are making these high-stakes decisions on are not reliable. The fear you feel are based on inaccurate models that needs fo be revised three times a week. Its a fact.   Also, if there are more infections out there, that’s actually a good thing as the death rate would be much lower than stated. We need to know.   So, are you in favor of making rational, informed decisions or irrational, panicked decisions?   Instead of calling me a charlatan, maybe you can learn from Stanford expert Jay Bhattacharya.  “[Bhattacharya] says policymakers need a better understanding of the rate of infections before they can make informed decisions about how to enforce social distancing.  “We need this number, or else we’re flying blind,” Bhattacharya said”  https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/antibody-tests-to-pinpoint-number-of-u-s-coronavirus-infections-are-key-to-reopening-country/  Also, you can learn from renowned Stanford epidemiology professor John Ioannidis.    https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/17/a-fiasco-in-the-making-as-the-coronavirus-pandemic-takes-hold-we-are-making-decisions-without-reliable-data/  Stop listening to Fauci and the other clowns who are just making things up as they go along.
Stay home.
I’m scared of sheep like you voting
because idiots are crowding into home depot and lowes every fucking weekend with their entire families and the stores are not enforcing social distancing rules. thus the need for an executive order.
Correct.
At this point if you choose to ignore all the information on why things are being shut down it's all on you.
I am not 100% sure but I would guess that maximum capacity refers to everyone including employees, not just customers, since employees also add to total number of humans in a zone. 🤷‍♀️
16.8 million people unemployed.
You're original comment was 'I haven't seen a single Cooper criticism on reddit'.  I've shown you this is not the case and if you spend any time looking through other threads and other subs, you will find more. Now you are saying it has to have upvotes to count?  You've got those goalposts on wheels and your argument is one from ignorance.
So you think we need more robust social safety nets for when people are hit with hard times or situations out of their control?
Gee, if only there were better social programs in place, funded by taxes, that could keep people afloat during a deadly pandemic. Oh yeah, conservatives don't want that.   These were necessary steps to avoid even more deaths than we've already had because we didn't act fast enough.
>Yes, the data they are making these high-stakes decisions on are not reliable. The fear you feel are based on inaccurate models that needs fo be revised three times a week. Its a fact.  Where should Cooper be getting "more reliable data" from, instead of his current sources? Honest question...  >So, are you in favor of making rational, informed decisions or irrational, panicked decisions?  I see 0 "irrational" decisions that have been made by "panicked" individuals as you insinuate?  Care to explain any decision you may have an issue with and maybe we could chat?     >Instead of calling me a charlatan, maybe you can learn from Stanford expert Jay Bhattacharya.  >“[Bhattacharya] says policymakers need a better understanding of the rate of infections before they can make informed decisions about how to enforce social distancing.  We currently have the MOST CASES of the virus in the world.  I don't need any models to tell me that our whole nation needs to be social distancing and staying home until a better treatment or vaccine can be found.  This is common sense.  No scientific research needed.  It's based on human decency and respect for my fellow man.  >Stop listening to Fauci and the other clowns who are just making things up as they go along.  hahaha, Give me one single piece of misinformation from Fauci? I dare you...  Good Luck!!! :-)  (Because I can literally give you hundreds examples of lies/misinformation spewed by the current President regarding the virus), But I guess those lies, that are actually KILLING AMERICANS, aren't relevant to you?   Dude, face it.    You're in a cult of misinformation and misdirected anger.
I agree with you 100%!  If people feel scared or are around the elderly/weak/infirm, by all means, stay home!  In the meantime, there are a lot of us that would like to continue with our lives.
Which is why we need social programs and proper taxes in the first place.
My point was clear. Left wing cultists on reddit. Right wing cultists on Facebook.
Nope, in fact just the opposite. These draconian executive orders coming from Cooper are the cause to this economic downfall we're in. Having the government making healthcare decisions is fucking all of us three ways from Sunday.
Did you even read the sources I posted? Sounds like you are the one who is angry and misinformed. All your answers are there, so I know you didn’t read them before you went into your little rant.   And yes for example,  Fauci lied about the death rate about this being ten times deadlier than the flu. Nobody knows the death rate and he knows he doesn’t have the data to state that as a fact.  Here is a Stanford expert discussing this:  https://youtu.be/-UO3Wd5urg0  Are you accusing them of being in a cult? The pot calling the kettle black.
Some people *have* to be out, for example my sister-in-law who has a weakened immune system (cancer), but works in the medical field with the elderly. She's essential, especially now, and has to be out and about to some extent to preform her job as well as get food and things like that. To help protect her, and people like her, we as a society need to give her lots of space and protection. But people aren't doing that, they're continuing with their lives. Which puts her at risk. Which puts all the elderly people in all the facilities she visits at risk, as well as her coworkers and the people they visit. So basically, people continuing to live their lives as though there isn't a deadly disease spreading rapidly would be incredibly selfish, putting their own wallet or boredom in before the lives of our societies most vulnerable.
Taxes? Taxation is theft!
It wasn't as clear as you might think, as your original comment implies that it doesn't exist on reddit, not that it is often an unpopular opinion.    There are plenty of right wing 'cultists' on reddit in general, as well as on any given state or local sub. If you spend anytime at all browsing on more than a superficial level, this would be obvious.   The fact that you personally don't see it because you hide down-voted comments or don't visit subs/topics with a more right lean isn't evidence of anything. You are using your own cognitive bias and an appeal from ignorance to support a claim that simply isn't true.
Right, because private citizens were doing such a good job at it. We'd be in a far worse place had cooper not taken the steps he did.
What's the body count before the government should step in? Is it a certain amount of $ per corpse? 14 North Carolinians died of covid-19 yesterday alone with the government restrictions in place, in your mind how much economic damage does that justify?     "Deo Vindice" didn't protect the CSA, and it won't protect us from this. We need action, and since the people won't do it themselves,  it's time for our elected officials to step and do their jobs to protect the well-being of the people.
Sorry, but this is simply incorrect. The government hasn't done anything to you except attempt to keep you safe, a tough decision that was not taken lightly. Companies that fund these politicians are *mad*, this isn't something they're doing because it will help them politically or its fun. They're doing it to save lives.   The cause of the economic downfall is COVID-19. The cause of all of this is the virus. If you kept everything open, and the virus just starting making bodies pile up one after the other, do you think that wouldn't have any economic impact?
I got stuck outside of NC for all of this in New Zealand for work, one of the countries with the best responses to this whole crisis.  As a native North Carolinian and a fairly fiscally conservative guy it has been pretty eye opening. After talking with a lot of people and purusing their facebook comments and the like, one of the main reasons, from what I can tell, they are able to handle it so well is because they have never had this weird cultural narrative of government action = authoritarianism that I think we got from the Cold War. So it means they invested in using the government way before today for stuff like for healthcare for everyone, properly funded response departments, or people just being ok to listen when it puts in orders, and just means generally it functions better because they argue over the how rather than deal with people not wanting them to do stuff just out of principal or people raging at their rights being infringed.  It means for us anytime the government could possibly be a good solution for something it’s a non-starter out of cultural disdain.  It’s frustrating to see, because it’s not a logic argument, it’s just a fear a lot of Americans have that is going to keep screwing us as our problems become more global and we can’t just let the free market/individuals do their thing to solve it like we have in the past/we’d like to in the future. I wish I could show everyone, because I’m actually in a place that has put into place a lot of the things people back home don’t want because they don’t want the government involved and it actually works. It doesn’t devolve into authoritarianism, it just makes the country a nicer place to live.
🤣
>And yes for example, Fauci lied about the death rate about this being ten times deadlier than the flu.   My FACT BASED source that you are completely wrong based on SCIENCE.  You can make common-sense connections based on the data.    [2. This strain of coronavirus appears to infect two to 2.5 people versus 1.3 with the flu, so coronavirus seems to be about twice as contagious as the flu;](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/03/24/820797301/fact-check-trump-compares-coronavirus-to-the-flu-but-they-are-not-the-same)  [3. Some 20% of coronavirus patients are in serious enough condition to go to the hospital, 10 times the number who wind up in the hospital because of the flu;](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/03/24/820797301/fact-check-trump-compares-coronavirus-to-the-flu-but-they-are-not-the-same)  [4. Hospital stays for the coronavirus are twice as as long as for the flu;](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/03/24/820797301/fact-check-trump-compares-coronavirus-to-the-flu-but-they-are-not-the-same)  [5. About 8% of people get the flu every year. Some estimates are 25% to 50%, possibly up to 80%, could get the coronavirus without drastic actions being taken by individuals, states and municipalities and the federal government;](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/03/24/820797301/fact-check-trump-compares-coronavirus-to-the-flu-but-they-are-not-the-same)  [6. The coronavirus could be 10 times deadlier than the flu — about 0.1% who get flu die. It's estimated that about 1% of those who have gotten coronavirus have died from it;](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/03/24/820797301/fact-check-trump-compares-coronavirus-to-the-flu-but-they-are-not-the-same)  -----  I welcome you to please source your asinine claim that what Fauci said was incorrect in any way shape or form.  With Asinine claims like that, I'd never waste 30 mins on some random yt vid link from you......  Can you backup your claim that he is a just "making things up" or not?   Hint:  I already know the answer, lol  PS.  The only one making things up is MR Cheeto and I have tons of examples...  Hmmmmmm
The fact you believe that shows how unintelligent you are. Taxes are essential to a balanced society.
> The fact that you personally don't see it because you hide down-voted comments or don't visit subs/topics with a more right lean isn't evidence of anything.  Right leaning comments constantly being downvoted in a local sub is evidence of group think.
It's bad enough that almost any place can call themselves essential, then there's places like Lowe's that are totally abusing it and still running their spring black Friday. Limiting capacity will hopefully help.
Wait, that jackass really has the Confederate motto as his flair?
None. There is no reason for government to do anything here. My question to you is why you think government should have a role. Why do you trust them for our healthcare decisions? Is it because they are the largest single currency holder in the US and you're seeing dollar signs?
No one needs the government to keep them safe. Are we not capable of caring for ourselves?  "Doing it to save lives." Why are the ABCs still open then?
Well New Zealand sounds like a wonderful place then. Since it's better, why not stay?
If you clicked on the video, you would have understood my point.  So, since you didn’t even bother to read or view my links, I’m going to just KO you. I’m linking to a medical research article co-written by Fauci himself, which states that the fatality rate may be considerably less than what he stated as an actual fact, when he couldn’t possibly known at the time. Can’t get better than that as far as FACTS.  “If one assumes that the number of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic cases is several times as high as the number of reported cases, the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%. This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively.”  https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMe2002387  KO. Have a nice nap.
So you didn’t argue that taxes aren’t theft. Just necessary theft.
Or during a Pandemic, we don't agree with conspiracy theories and lies about it being just the flu, that hydroxychloroquine is a miracle drug, or that it's 5g that's spreading it, or that the numbers are fake, or that Fauci is Deep State.  We REALLY don't care being told "If you want a test you can get a test" which is and will always be a damn lie.  It's called common sense vs the misinformed at this point.   Your talking points are literally killing people.  But sorry if you felt this little subsubreddit was unfair....  SMDH :-(
It is evidence the comment/idea is generally unpopular among the user base and, in some cases, that reddiquette is not being followed.   However, using “group think” or “hive mind” to hand wave away criticism, rather than considering that people came to the conclusion on their own, the person commenting is and sometimes has repeatedly argued in bad faith, is using faulty logic/facts, and/or is otherwise spreading misinformation, is a lazy mans way of setting up a persecution complex.  This is a similar, and equally faulty, debate tactic to using the straw man card to move the goal posts back in place during an evolving conversation, rather than responding in a meaningful fashion.  \* obviously we are talking about Reddit here and not N.C. in general.  *edited for grammar*
Absolutely. As an actual essential employee who works near the front lines of this, it's maddening to see people and corporations abusing the rules. The government did their job by stepping in because so-called invisible hands were absent.
lol he sure does. He's carrying the banner for a failed nation that fought against the USA, so I care about as much about his opinion on US politics as any random foreigner.
I think the government should have a role in protecting its citizens. Just like I think the police should step in if a gang was going around killing a dozen innocent people a day, I think they should step in when people refuse to slow the spread of a deadly disease. I don't overly trust them with healthcare decisions, but I trust them more than I trust the general populace to follow basic guidelines, because we tried that and people ignored it. Maybe if people hadn't been selfish and irresponsible from the beginning this wouldn't be needed. But now government intervention is the best way to keep people alive and return to normal faster, because people and businesses aren't doing it on their own.     As for dollar signs, the slow down in the economy has hurt my wallet and investment portfolios, but I have neither asked for nor received government assistance. I'll leave that for people who need it, and I'm happy they have it available.   Government exists for the protection and well-being of its citizens. It's entire purpose is to step in in situations like this. Are you an anarcho-capitalist?
What do you think the government is for in the first place? Just to cramp your style? They're meant to be by the people, for the people, of the people. They're elected officials because we elect them to... Protect us. That's why we have countries at all. Communities.   The abcs are still open because some people with severe, severe alcohol dependence would, sadly, literally die if they took away their alcohol that quickly. No joke. Alcoholism is a terrible thing. It's not ideal, but the ABC stores are open for this reason, essentially.
I have genuinely had those conversations with my wife man.  The only reason we wouldn’t is family at this point is the conclusion we’ve come to. They certainly make it easier to have people immigrate here for skilled labor than we do in the US, like it really is just a matter of filling out the paperwork. You have to admit that it sucks to do that math and realize going back feels like a compromise.  The good news is NC is a place you can carve out a nice life for yourself and is generally a nice place to be compared to other parts of the US, but you have to unfortunately just accept that you’re going to hit a wall on certain things you can’t control like effectiveness in government and healthcare and that we make it harder than it needs to be for everyone and try to have conversations with people to move the needle in a better direction like this one.
Because people like him still think the US could be a good place to live and we don't want to give it up to backwards thinkers.
>If you clicked on the video, you would have understood my point.  With the blatent lies your spreading about Fauci why would I waste 30 mins on some YT vid suggested by you. aka, someone that spreads misinformation. SMH  >“If one assumes that the number of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic cases is several times as high as the number of reported cases, the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%. This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively.”  OK,  Now from my source...  [6. The coronavirus could be 10 times deadlier than the flu — about 0.1% who get flu die. It's estimated that about **1%** of those who have gotten coronavirus have died from it;](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/03/24/820797301/fact-check-trump-compares-coronavirus-to-the-flu-but-they-are-not-the-same)  Basically, in the most lamens terms I can use.  With a mortality rate of around 1% when the sesanal flu has a mortality rate of .1% then, based on 2nd grade math, Coronavirus is 10 times deadlier than the seasonal flu? **YES** or **NO**?  PS.  IDK why your source seems to sound like the seasonal flu has a mortality of 1% bc that is just flat out false and is probably why you're so confused.  ------  [Another source for 1% mortality rate.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/18/world/asia/china-coronavirus.html#link-4f1410c9)    [Yet, Another source for 1% mortality rate.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/coronavirus-deaths-cases-latest-swine-flu-who-a9462896.html)   Your claims are false and a misrepresentation of intent and an attempt to twist his words to meet an utterly stupid goal of trying to put blame on him instead your dear leader.  What other reason could you have to hold so much anger towards him without even having a decent issue with the guy.  Like I said, Cult, Cult, Cult.  PEace
Taxes aren't theft because they benefit a society as a whole. Roads, emergency services, police, military...all these and more are the reason for taxes. They aren't theft, they are the price of having civilization.
Nice strawman. This is a discussion about how nobody criticizes Cooper.
> I think the government should have a role in protecting its citizens. Just like I think the police should step in if a gang was going around killing a dozen innocent people a day, I think they should step in when people refuse to slow the spread of a deadly disease  SCOTUS disagrees: https://www.barneslawllp.com/blog/police-not-required-protect  >Maybe if people hadn't been selfish and irresponsible from the beginning this wouldn't be needed.  It's not. People are still doing what they want, except those who are unemployed and want to go to work.  >But now government intervention is the best way to keep people alive and return to normal faster, because people and businesses aren't doing it on their own.   I think just being safe is the best ticket out of this. Wash your hands and stay home if you feel ill.  >I'll leave that for people who need it, and I'm happy they have it available.   So you'll send your relief check back if you get one?  >Government exists for the protection and well-being of its citizens.  Governments exist to protect rights. People have a right to life, sure...but you can't infringe on other freedoms because you think this draconian measure is the best solution.  >Are you an anarcho-capitalist?  No, just a capitalist and 16th amendment repealer.
> What do you think the government is for in the first place?  We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--**That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed**  >The abcs are still open because some people with severe, severe alcohol dependence would, sadly, literally die if they took away their alcohol that quickly. No joke. Alcoholism is a terrible thing. It's not ideal, but the ABC stores are open for this reason, essentially.  So to enable addiction and dependency...got it.
Did you not read that Fauci himself co-authored the medical article I sent you? Its in plain English.  There is no doubt a better source than any links you posted. Those sources are all incorrect.   And yes I think Trump is dumb too. They all are responsible.
Lol keep believing that.
Actually....  It's simply a response to your comment..  >Right leaning comments constantly being downvoted in a local sub is evidence of group think.  But nice attempt at a deflection from the responsibility to backup your opinions like quoted above.
"I think just being safe is the best ticket out of this. Wash your hands and stay home if you feel ill."  Do you not comprehend that people may be carriers but not feel ill for a while, and are contagious during that time?   "Governments exist to protect rights. People have a right to life, sure...but you can't infringe on other freedoms because you think this draconian measure is the best solution."  You misuse draconian a lot. It's not draconian to have these measures in place. They are necessary to protect the people. This is a public health emergency. This is worse than the flu.
>So to enable addiction and dependency...got it.  People going through alcohol withdrawal have seizures and risk dying from withdrawal. If you cut off their supply, and they start having seizures, dying, guess where they're going to go? To hospitals, where they'll take up beds that might be needed for people who have the coronavirus. I hardly think not letting people die is the same as enabling addiction.   Also, if you didn't know, there are very few drugs that can directly cause death from withdrawal, alcohol and benzos are two big ones. Guess what happens when you go through benzo withdrawal and have seizures and go to a hospital? They're given an iv drip of benzos to taper them down, not because hospitals want the patient to stay addicted, it's so they don't DIE.
  So your quoting this stuff without taking a second to think about it. The government has your consent - you voted. That's the consent, the voting process. You consented to them governing you, instead of a king and queen, who derived their power from "divine right", the us gov derives power from you.   What do you think should have happened? A referendum? Do you think that would have been a nice, swift and easy response to this crisis? Or do you think the gov isn't there to protect its citizens unless they explicitly ask for it every time a crisis happens, because that's weird, and crazy.    We have a government because individuals want to interact in the best interest of the collective. An entire state or country can't easily govern itself via each individual citizen - that doesn't make any sense. How would that even work? You vote for representatives to make decisions based upon the common good. A decision such as shutting down a state to keep a virus from spreading and killing people.    Also, your weird hangups with abc stores doesn't make a lot of sense, man. What, do you think it's because they're gov owned is the only reason they're open?    Your self entitlement baffles me and everyone else here, dude.
>Did you not read that Fauci himself co-authored the medical article I sent you? Its in plain English.  Yes?  >There is no doubt a better source than any links you posted. Those sources are all incorrect.  Hmmm, what a general statement and like clockwork you have no source to refute it...  Hmmm  Any details whatsoever would be appreciated if you want to be taken seriously.   That the mortality of the seasonal flu is .1% and the Coronavirus is 1.0%?   IF so please post a reputable source with statistically relevant data rather than your source which was based on, and I quote "In their Journal article, Li and colleagues3 provide a detailed clinical and epidemiologic description of the **first 425 cases reported in the epicenter of the outbreak**:"  Also, from your source.... "Although this information is critical in informing the appropriate response to this outbreak, **as the authors point out, the study faces the limitation associated with reporting in real time the evolution of an emerging pathogen in its earliest stages.**"  I think we have slightly better data now, lmao....  SMH, did you read your own source article?  >And yes I think Trump is dumb too. They all are responsible.  Then why do you have such a negative view of someone who is a simple, truthful, very smart man with an almost 4 decade of good track records, currently guiding the nation through a crisis based on SCIENCE as opposed to whatever the hell it is the political hacks are selling?  No doubt you're recycling it from some right-wing disinfo news source, care to fill me in?  He's the one voice of reason on that stage.....  Who, in your eyes, should we be listening to? Honest question...  Knowledge is Power   Peace
And keep believing a society without taxes and social programs would turn out civilized and would work. Libertarian delusion at it's finest.
They could go to food lion and buy beer.
The government should have simply promoted social distancing, proper safety precautions, and been done.
So you’re saying a medical article that Fauci contributed to is not reputable? It’s a primary source while media outlets are secondary sources.   It clearly says that no one can know exactly what the fatality rate is and that its more likely closer to 0.1% than 1%.  If you’re defending Fauci, then you can’t say his article is not reputable. That doesn’t make any sense. You can’t pick and choose.   The truth is that no one can possibly know what the fatality rate is and Fauci admits to it in his own article.  If I was Trump, I would fire Fauci/Birx and hire Stanford epidemiology professor John loannidis and Stanford professor of medicine Jay Bhattacharya.  The fact you’re not watching the YouTube video link I posted from Stanford University means you’re not serious about gaining any knowledge or being open to other perspective. You have to be real with yourself.
If they have a severe dependence to alcohol, then they need consume a lot of alcohol to stave off withdrawals. If someone drinks a bottle of vodka a day, that's 22 beers a day. Some people may drink a lot more than that, it's not reasonable to say "oh just drink 40 beers a day". This is also important because the higher their tolerance and the more they drink a day, the worse their withdrawals are. It's unfortunate that it's necessary to keep ABC stores open when they don't seem all that essential. But it's life or death for a lot of people.
They tried that. People didn't listen. Concerts kept happening, people kept going to events and churches and spread it around. The government had to take action. If they hadn't intervened we would have seen more cases and  more deaths. This pandemic has already shown you don't have to be high risk to die. It's already surpassed the death rate of the flu in a much shorter time. This isn't a liberty thing. You don't get a choice when it's a public health emergency issue. There is no invisible hand to correct it. More people would be dead if there hadn't been intervention. The economy would crash harder with so many people sick.
>So you’re saying a medical article that Fauci contributed to is not reputable? It’s a primary source while media outlets are secondary sources.  It's only relevant to the first 435 cases in Wuhan.  To early to be relevant to anything discussed here.  So YES it's reputable, just completely irrelevent.  Why do you put so much confidence in what ifs based on such a small sample size when the US itself currently has over 587,357 confirmed cases not counting the 99% that haven't been tested.  >It clearly says that no one can know exactly what the fatality rate is and that its more likely closer to 0.1% than 1%.   small sample size specifically from China months ago!  Update your info, jesus christ.  Why are you hung up on this out of date document.  Is that ALL you have?  I thought he was a "clown" just "making things up" as he goes?..... But all you have is an irrelevent, out of date article....     hahaha, ok bub, way to prove your point to no one.  >The fact you’re not watching the YouTube video link I posted from Stanford University means you’re not serious about gaining any knowledge or being open to other perspective. You have to be real with yourself.  I'm NOT wasting 30 mins on some video.  Either use your big boy words and explain your issue if you have one or don't bother.
So they need treatment, and not us enabling them. 👍
I did explain and you have trouble understanding. There is no way to find a fatality rate until we have an anonymized and random antibody sample of the population. Fauci knows that and spewed a meaningless stat anyways.  Science.
Treatment would include tapering off alcohol, which means they need alcohol. How do you suggest someone get off a severe dependence that can cause death from withdrawal, without tapering?  Honestly it seems like you really misunderstand how addiction and dependence work. You seem to think it's as black and white as "stop doing drugs/drinking", if it was so easy, why are so many addicted?
>Fauci knows that and spewed a meaningless stat anyways.  OK, let's leave that issue there it's at. Agree to disagree.  Is that the sole reason you feel he is a "clown" and is "making things up" as he goes along? If so, that's fine, but I would think for that kind of insult, any reasonable person would have a list of gross and obvious mistakes he's made.   Was there anything else he did wrong that makes you think he suddenly, after 3.5 decades of service, is incompetent and unable to fulfill his duties now?  If so, any idea what changed him?
Pennsylvania would like a word.  As an addict, yes, it's that easy.
Sometimes a guy is past his prime. In basketball terms, do you think Dean Smith and John Wooden would be as successful now as in the past? Right now, we need creativity and out of the box ideas, and Fauci’s playbook is stale. As with most boomers, they’re unable to adapt well.   A fallacy of Fauci’s strategy is relying on models which are not dependable. As outlined in this article by a Stanford epidemiology expert, this is not data where we can make high-stakes decisions on, especially lockdowns of more than a week of two.   https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/17/a-fiasco-in-the-making-as-the-coronavirus-pandemic-takes-hold-we-are-making-decisions-without-reliable-data/  I have heard better strategies from other epidemiologists and experts such as the Stanford professors I mentioned above. They insist that we need to conduct a randomized antibody sample, so we can know the true scale of the virus. The links and videos I posted are talking about this.   Fauci has said antibody testing is not a priority. He only wants to test sick people with symptoms but we can’t rely on that data to make policy. We need to test asymptomatic people as well in a randomized way. Fauci’s strategy is extremely flawed if we want to minimize the total deaths from the virus as well as economic malaise.  Without this data, we are driving blind and potentially off a cliff.
> As an addict, yes, it's that easy.  What were you addicted to, if you don't mind me asking?
Cult, Cult, Cult  >A fallacy of Fauci’s strategy is relying on models which are not dependable. As outlined in this article by a Stanford epidemiology expert, this is not data where we can make high-stakes decisions on, especially lockdowns of more than a week of two.  So ONE doctor's OPINION article.... OK, gotcha.   >Fauci has said antibody testing is not a priority.  Source? Source? Source?  Because in the real world it's called multitasking....  SOURCE:  [The top U.S. infectious disease official says coronavirus antibody tests are just days away.](https://time.com/5819068/fauci-coronavirus-antibody-test-us/)  [An antibody test could show whether a person was recently exposed to the coronavirus. Fauci says the test would say “that you were infected and if you’re feeling well you very likely recovered.”](https://time.com/5819068/fauci-coronavirus-antibody-test-us/)  [Fauci says medical experts could then try to determine how deeply the virus “has penetrated the society” and whether previously infected people would be vulnerable to reinfection, which is particularly “important for health care workers.”](https://time.com/5819068/fauci-coronavirus-antibody-test-us/)  [Fauci says testing for an antibody doesn’t mean medical experts are shifting away from testing for the virus to see who’s infected. He says, “those things are done in **parallel.**”](https://time.com/5819068/fauci-coronavirus-antibody-test-us/)  So you think the 1% mortality rate currently agreed on by 90%+ of the worlwide medical community is false AND you think Fauci is against antibody testing when the opposite is true....  Mind if I ask where you get your news from?  Thanks
I think I'd prefer a throwaway to discuss that
Dr. Fauci: Testing asymptomatic patients is not the highest priority.   https://www.cnn.com/videos/health/2020/03/20/coronavirus-testing-accessibility-anthony-fauci-cooper-vpx.cnn  As I said, he needs to test the population in a randomized way. Its shocking to hear him say its the not the highest priority when it should be.   Also stop saying “Cult”. Its super annoying and childish. I could easily say the same of you. It really adds nothing to the discussion.  Its not possible to know the true fatality rate. That is fact. If you think you know more than a Stanford epidemiology professor or Fauci himself from his own medical article, then you’re arrogant and stubborn.
>Dr. Fauci: Testing asymptomatic patients is not the highest priority.  He said they have to make it a priority, DUE TO OUR LATE RESPONSE, & our lack of early production of testing they were forced to prioritize testing symptomatic cases first, since we didn't even have a handle on that yet which we should have by then! Did you think that was some sort of permanent idea?!? really?  All your quote does, when put in context, is prove my point further that he has been truthful, through and through even when it was an uncomfortable truth. I commend it.  Do you disagree that the people that could die shouldn't have been the first priority, sheesh...      >Its not possible to know the true fatality rate. That is fact.  >Also stop saying “Cult”. It's super annoying and childish.  That depends.  Please give me a relevant answer then....  There is a HUGE difference between 0.1% and 1.0%.  Actually the difference is (10 times) and the worldwide medical community is currently **estimating** the average mortality at 1.0%.  I've never claimed it as being fact. SMH  >So you think the 1% mortality rate currently agreed on by 90%+ of the worlwide medical community is false?  Thanks
Here is your data. It just came in fresh today. Death rate is confirmed 0.1 to 0.2%   https://www.cnbc.com/2020/04/17/santa-clara-covid-19-antibody-study-suggests-broad-asymptomatic-spread.html
Seriously?  This link doesn't say, at all, what you are claiming.  They are antibody testing a few ASYMPTOMATIC patients in Santa Clara CA and NEVER mention a mortality rate bc they are ASYMPTOMATIC which means healthy, if you didn't know.  I'll drive it home directly from your source. Nice Try..  >Still, experts warn that we should not draw broader assumptions about Covid-19 based on a study that’s limited to the Bay Area. John Brownstein, an epidemiologist at Boston Children’s Hospital, cautions that the study recruited the **volunteers via Facebook ads** and that might bias the results toward people who are more tech savvy. But he also said that there’s a recognition in the filed that **the numbers of people infected are far higher than the official numbers.**   IDK, seems pretty cultish to spin unrelated info like that to try and misinform people during a pandemic.
The Stanford researcher confirms my take in this video explaining the study. And yes, thanks for putting in bold my point. If there are 50-85x more infected, then the death rate is likely 50-85x less.   " A hundred deaths out of 48,000-81,000 infections corresponds to an infection fatality rate of 0.12-0.2%  The main point is we need this kind of study everywhere in US. What is your god Fauci doing? Some guys from Stanford did this study with $200K, so what’s Fauci’s excuse?  In the video, his advice to Fauci is to do these studies everywhere.   If you want me to believe you over an actual professor with an MD/PhD at one of the most prestigious universities in the country, you’re clearly off your rocker. Nice try.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k7v2F3usNVA&feature=youtu.be
from your source:  "Still, experts warn that we should not draw broader assumptions about Covid-19 based on a study that’s limited to the Bay Area."  Yet, you literally start drawing broader assumptions.  Hmmmmm  >The main point is we need this kind of study everywhere in US.  Agreed, but they can't even currently handle getting more than even 1% of the US THAT HAVE SYMPTOMS tested and your screaming TEST EVERYONE EVEN IF THEY DON'T HAVE SYMPTOMS, YAAAAAAY! That's simply not possible or logical in any way.  ONLY, once we can test NORMALLY, could you ever think of being able to do antibody testing nationwide on EVERYONE.  This is just hard facts dude.  PS. So are you still claiming the laughably UNTRUE idea that COVID 19 only has a .1% mortality rate vs 1.0%?  Thanks
No, we can start doing these finger prick tests everywhere now since it’s available. There are more random tests being done. $200K for a study.   Our health department is asleep in NC.  Seriously, can we start a petition to get this done?   Also, if the study’s findings are correct, then the morbidity rate is 0.1%. I’ve always argued that we don’t know the true morbidity rate and Fauci shouldn’t have stated the 1% as a fact.
>No, we can start doing these finger prick tests everywhere now since it’s available.  Details?  How many do we have?  sounds plausible...  >Seriously, can we start a petition to get this done?  More power to ya.  I wish the ones protesting the capital would choose that route.  >Also, if the **study’s** findings are correct, then the morbidity rate is 0.1%. I’ve always argued that **we don’t know the true morbidity rate** and Fauci shouldn’t have stated the 1% as a fact.  Which Study, the CA one that was specifically for ASYMPTOMATIC random people from FB and never even counted deaths bc they were ANTIBODY tests?  It's the ESTIMATED mortality rate for god's sake and he has NEVER claimed it as fact, nobody has.  \#cultfacts
The deaths are already recorded in Santa Clara County. So we knew the numerator, but not the denominator.  There are a lot of test kits out there. A Charlotte clinic was able to purchase 500 last week.  https://www.wbtv.com/2020/04/08/west-charlotte-urgent-care-clinic-offers-covid-antibody-rapid-testing/
>The deaths are already recorded in Santa Clara County. So we knew the numerator, but not the denominator.  Jesus christ dude....  From your own damn source  >Still, experts warn that we should not draw broader assumptions about Covid-19 based on a study that’s limited to the Bay Area.  If you don't see the problem, I give up.  Skewing the results of a local test, based on responses to a FB ad, to base policy on is truly as STUPID as you can get. Sry
>There are a lot of test kits out there. A Charlotte clinic was able to purchase 500 last week.  >https://www.wbtv.com/2020/04/08/west-charlotte-urgent-care-clinic-offers-covid-antibody-rapid-testing/  And how long do you think that may last?  A couple of hours?  Serious question dude...    Just think about it....  For antibody tests to even statistically matter we're going to needs 10s of thousands across the state and a replenishing supply if you expect any relevant data.  Just think realistically and not like you're in a cult and pushing misinformation for whatever shitty motivation you may have for it.  That's the reason, in science, we look for a **consensus** and ignore the whackos.  This isn't Politics.. This isn't Ideology... This is a Pandemic.  Try treating it that way, literally, thousands are dying unneeded everyday.  Thanks
Its really immature to characterize suggestions from qualified medical and epidemiology experts at Stanford University as “misinformation” or “cultish”. I’m disappointed that some of our citizens in NC are so disrespectful and small-minded. Do better.
>Its really immature to characterize suggestions from qualified medical and epidemiology experts at Stanford University as “misinformation” or “cultish”.  In Science, there is something called peer review and/or consensus.  Until there is some sort of consensus your point is meaningless other than hypothetically.  Someone who would believe one person over thousands of other experts around the globe is literally what a cult member would do. Sry...  It is what it is.  PS.  Stop trying to play scientist.
“Experts”, not one person. Also you’re wrong about “consensus”. Did Galileo receive praise for his findings? No, he was persecuted.   In this scenario, you’re part of the cult of Pandemania. You give no effort to be part of the solution, which is to get the antibody data we need.  Most experts agree will be key in policy.  Tell me what is your solution?
>“Experts”, not one person.  Who? 2?  >Did Galileo receive praise for his findings?  No he didn't but not relative at all to the topic. Science has advanced well beyond those days and something so idiotic wouldn't happen today.  Publish a paper, complete peer review and Galileo would be a Nobel Prize winner if it happened today. So not relevant.  >Tell me what is your solution?  Ramp up normal testing so we can start to track and trace(not happening due to fed).  With any extra energy start ramping up antibody testing production ASAP but at a lower prioroity while also researching a vaccine.  maintain stay at home until we can have reliable and widespread testing available and/or a FDA approved vaccine.  >Most experts agree will be key in policy.  Source that this should be our priority now?
Looks like NY is doing exactly what I asked for. Are they part of the cult too? Maybe you need to rethink how you respond to people. Its not nice when you call them cult members when they are offering reasonable solutions. I’ve tried to be civil and gotten such rude and unreasonable responses. Perhaps you should reflect a little bit.   “The state Department of Health has started a large-scale antibody testing program to determine what percentage of the population has contracted the coronavirus as officials eye a plan to reopen the state's economy.”  “A total of 3,000 people will be randomly selected for testing this week”  Our state should be doing this.   https://www.democratandchronicle.com/story/news/politics/albany/2020/04/20/coronavirus-new-york-begins-antibody-testing-what-means/5164144002/
That's great news for New York, now that the area has passed it's peak but the majority of the nation is still on the uptick.  So it's better than normal but still not relevant Nationwide(still on the uptick).  Later
“Still not relevant”.   Take your advice and don’t play scientist. Clearly, you’re now stating misinformation.
Another antibody result from LA County.  “"The mortality rate now has dropped a lot," Barbara Ferrer, director of the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health, said at a press briefing today. In contrast with the current crude case fatality rate of about 4.5 percent, she said, the study suggests that 0.1 percent to 0.2 percent of people infected by the virus will die, which would make COVID-19 only somewhat more deadly than the seasonal flu.”   https://reason.com/2020/04/20/l-a-county-antibody-tests-suggest-the-fatality-rate-for-covid-19-is-much-lower-than-people-feared/  Didn’t F4ion4 say the 0.1% fatality number was not possible and that anyone who was skeptical of the official 1% number was cultish? I guess LA County of Public Health is part of the cult now as well. The cult is growing.  You may want to admit defeat now. Your previous comments are pretty embarrassing in light of this new data. Science is cruel.
Nice try....  I actually said....  >still not relevant **Nationwide**  Hmmmmm  >Take your advice and don’t play scientist. Clearly, you’re now stating misinformation.  lol, it's 100% true.  But whateeeeeeever you say bub.
>You may want to admit defeat now. Your previous comments are pretty embarrassing in light of this new data. Science is cruel.  You REALLY do not understand what ANECDOTAL evidence based on ONE LOCATION is do you?  Maybe LA will have it easier.  It doesn't prove anything for the rest of the country though.  Most of the country hasn't even peaked yet!
Deaths / Number of Cases = Fatality Rate
>Deaths / Number of Cases = Fatality Rate  In LA, NOT the US.  That's not how science works.  Number of Americans: 328,000,000ish  Number in Study: 863  But thank you for helping teach me a new word today.  You are spreading what's called ANECDATA   noun: Anecdata  information or evidence that is based on personal experience or observation **rather than systematic research or analysis**. "this is just anecdata, so I was pleased to find a paper that adds some rigor to my reflections"
In SF too. So not just in LA. Likely, it will be similar for the rest of population, so we’ll see. You’re right in that we don’t know for sure, but obviously the 1% number has to be thrown out for now.
>In SF too. So not just in LA. Likely,it will be similar for the rest of population  You are assuming based on cherry-picked data. Tisk, Tisk now...  > but obviously the 1% number has to be thrown out for now.  You can do whatever you want. I'm sticking with the actual medical experts and waiting to see.  It's all over the place currently.  you know, being in the MIDDLE OF A PANDEMIC and constantly changing data and about another 500 variables in the mix. It appears you just want to simplify that's actually really complicated to match how you **feel** it will turn out.  Good luck in life with that mindset.  [These numbers shouldn't be taken as the inevitable toll of the virus, however. The case-fatality rate is determined by dividing the number of deaths by the total number of cases. Epidemiologists believe the total number of infections with SARS-CoV-2 is underestimated because people with few or mild symptoms may never see a doctor. As testing expands and scientists begin using retrospective methods to study who has antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 circulating in their bloodstreams, the total number of confirmed cases will go up and the ratio of deaths to infections will likely drop.](https://www.livescience.com/is-coronavirus-deadly.html)  [For example, in South Korea, which conducted more than 140,000 tests for COVID-19, officials found a fatality rate of 0.6%.](https://www.livescience.com/is-coronavirus-deadly.html)  [However, complicating the matter, mortality numbers lag behind infection numbers simply because it takes days to weeks for severely ill people to die of COVID-19. Thus, current death rates should properly be divided by the number of known infections from the previous week or two, researchers wrote in February in Swiss Medical Weekly.](https://www.livescience.com/is-coronavirus-deadly.html)  [A report published March 13 in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases adjusted for this "time delay" between hospitalization and death. The authors estimated that, as of Feb. 11, the death rate from COVID-19 was as high as 12% in Wuhan, 4% in Hubei Province and 0.9% in the rest of China.](https://www.livescience.com/is-coronavirus-deadly.html)  Update: [Looks like things are taking a turn for the better and currrently looking like a .6% mortality rate.](https://www.livescience.com/death-rate-lower-than-estimates.html)  But the expert medical consensus at the time Fauci made his remark, which he should be fired(lololol) over AT THAT TIME was 1%.  That's just hard facts.   .1% mortality?  Seriously? LMAO  That's an idea only cherry picked data can give you and it really is sad nowadays, post-truth and all....
I’n going to trust respected Stanford epidemiologist John Ioannidis, not some rando on Reddit. He says the previous number was just “speculation” and that the real number is likely much lower as I have stated.   You can listen to his analysis here:  https://youtu.be/cwPqmLoZA4s
Ok, well you can trust your ONE guy and I'll stick with the broader medical community. Call me crazy....
Stanford is top 5 in epidemiology. You are crazy.  https://www.universities.com/programs/epidemiology-degrees
Oh, I'm sorry.  Are you saying this is in any way a majority view of all at Stanford?  Nope, just one guy @ Stanford, sry.  Nice try though....  >You are crazy.  For agreeing with the overwhelming medical consensus rather than one dude.  Suuuuure, whatever makes you feel better.
Its actually numerous researchers at Stanford and now USC.   https://paloaltoonline.com/news/2020/04/21/los-angeles-study-backs-stanford-researchers-conclusion-about-high-prevalence-of-covid-19
OK, fine, I'll agree with the overwhelming majority of the medical community instead of a **few** at Stanford for now.  If more evidence arises, over time and with more data, then my mind will change.  I'm led by facts, not idealogy or wishful thinking.
These tests just became available, so we didn’t have this data before.   Fauci contributed to a medical article, where he suspected COVID’s fatality rate is more similar to seasonal flu rather than MERS etc. So, not just a few people at Stanford. Even Fauci is speculating that the fatality rate is low. Now, we’re starting to get the data to confirm it.  “This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively.”   https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMe2002387
Miami-Dade antibody study: 233 dead / 165,000 infected = 0.14% fatality rate.   https://www.miamiherald.com/news/coronavirus/article242260406.html  West Coast and now East Coast. 3 studies have produced similar results.
>Fauci contributed to a medical article, where he suspected COVID’s fatality rate is more similar to seasonal flu rather than MERS etc. So, not just a few people at Stanford. Even Fauci is **speculating** that the fatality rate is low. **Now, we’re starting to get the data** to confirm it.  It's all speculation right now which is why I don't understand your obsession right now.  Just be pateint and wait for a reasonable amount of freaking data.
Hmmm, I don't think you read your whole source see exactly why I said earlier that I questioned. the Santa Clara study.  One step forward, one step back.  --------  Results from a serological survey in Santa Clara County, California, released last week, estimated between 2.5% and 4.2% of the population was infected, but the survey came under widespread criticism for, among other limitations, recruiting participants through Facebook ads, which scientists say could skew results by including people who think they got sick and want to confirm their suspicions.  That survey found an infection rate that would be 50 to 85 times higher than the official number of confirmed cases, while UM’s more randomized study indicates an infection rate about 15 times higher than the official case count.  -----  Where are you getting the 233 death count? This was not in your source, Jr scientist.  If the SC was off by 35-60 times the number of people infected claiming a 1.2 mortality.  With the more realistic "15 times higher I trust" which blows anything showing below .4 mortality, statistically impossible.  Just give it up.  The horse is dead......  It was laughable in the beginning and still is.....
It was all speculation for the models used for the basis for the shutdown as well. Now we know the inputs used were completely wrong.
You’re really bad at math. Deaths / # of infections = fatality rate. It’s that simple. The # of infections is all you need to look at as far as the new information from the studies. We already know # of deaths. 3 studies now confirm a 0.1-0.15% fatality rate.   Also Google Miami Dade coronavirus deaths and it will pop right up in the search results. Are you a boomer who can’t use a search engine? 🤔
agree to disagree.
 >3 studies now confirm a 0.1-0.15 fatality rate.   Nope, sry, the Santa Clara fb ad one has been found to be flawed based and extremely skewed. Didn't you read my reply? Read the quote from the source!
So you’re going to take the word of these unnamed “critics” versus the Stanford researchers who did the study? How biased is that? You’re just choosing to believe the critics to suit your argument, but its silly to just blindly believe that the top epidemiologists would not know how to conduct a meaningful study.   Also it wasn’t skewed, because the researchers did overcompensate for the underrepresented. They knew what they were doing.   And how do you explain the other two studies? Different methodologies but same results.   This is obviously a religion for you to believe this virus is as advertised when clearly the tide is turning.
>So you’re going to take the word of these unnamed “critics” versus the Stanford researchers who did the study? How biased is that?  Unnamed, try reading  Mina, the Harvard epidemiologist, so ask her about any biases, not me SMDH    >Also it wasn’t skewed, because the researchers did overcompensate for the underrepresented. They knew what they were doing.   So are you an expert like Mina from Harvard of your own sourced study, or just pretending? You're not a scientist.  Your opinion means nothing here. Science doesn't care about feelings or opinions. Don't post a study if you can't emotionally deal with it's findings!  >And how do you explain the other two studies? Different methodologies but same results.   Easily, 2 outlying studies.  We'll learn more later.   Patience is a virtue.  >This is obviously a religion for you to believe this virus is as advertised when clearly the tide is turning.  Irrelevant, ignored.
Your reading comprehension is terrible. Mina did not directly criticize the Santa Clara results.  And thank you for your uninformed opinion that these studies are outliers. You have no evidence to support that at all. You’re such a hypocrite because clearly you’re not scientist.
>Your reading comprehension is terrible. Mina did not directly criticize the Santa Clara results.  I stand corrected, it was actually Natalie Dean, biostatistician in that article, but she's not alone.  So yeah, about that "unnamed" claim.  Just more misinfo... Talk about "reading comprehension" LMAO  > You have no evidence to support that at all  Oh really??  ----  Protesters advocating for the end of stay-at-home orders latched on to them to argue that the virus is only about as deadly as the common flu and that it is time for the US to reopen for business. **Some critics questioned comments by one of the authors of the Santa Clara study, the Stanford medicine and epidemiology professor John Ioannidis, who used the results to promote the controversial view that the coronavirus is “not the apocalyptic problem we thought” and that societal lockdowns were an expensive and potentially deadly overreaction.**  Well-known scientists expressed concerns over the **types of error rates of tests used**, the **methodology of the Stanford analysis**, and the lack of available details about the research in LA.  The studies, as the medical writer Lisa Krieger aptly noted in the San Jose Mercury News, had academics debating “sampling methods, false positives and Bayesian inferences with a furor reminiscent of the banning of @BabyYodaBaby”.  Both studies used an antibody test made by Premier Biotech company that has not been approved by the FDA and **comes with an acknowledgment that it can record false positives.**  Hundreds of antibody tests have emerged on the world market in recent weeks, including some that promise a result from a finger prick in just hours, an executive from the diagnostics and pharmaceutical company Roche told Reuters on Tuesday. None of them currently have FDA approval and some of them are “a disaster”, the Roche CEO, Severin Schwan, said.  Scientists also warn it hasn’t yet been definitively proven that getting Covid-19 once protects people from contracting it again. **“We do not know if antibodies protect you and for how long,”** Arthur Reingold, an epidemiology professor at UC Berkeley, told the Guardian last week.  Then there are concerns about the Stanford study’s sample and statistical analysis. The **biggest criticism was that it estimated cases for the whole county’s population based on detecting only 50 positives out of 3,300 people sampled**. And since the tests had a **false positive rate in one assessment of two out of 371**, critics argued **all the Covid-19 cases detected by the tests in Santa Clara could conceivably have been false positives**.  **“I think the authors of the above-linked paper owe us all an apology,”** wrote Andrew Gelman, director of the applied statistics center at Columbia University, who has written numerous books on teaching statistical methods. **“We wasted time and effort discussing this paper whose main selling point was some numbers that were essentially the product of a statistical error.”**  The prominent Washington state genetics researcher Trevor Bedford said on Twitter he was glad to see antibody studies emerging but was “skeptical” of the high results. The author and biotech investor Peter Kolchinsky tweeted that the **“flaws with this study could trick you into thinking that getting shot in the head has a low chance of killing you”**.  The study was also criticized for recruiting its volunteers on Facebook, a method some critics charged could have induced some to participate in the study because they had had symptoms but were unable to get tested. Researchers say they attempted to screen for this by collecting information from participants on any recent symptoms, such as coughing or fever.  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/apr/23/coronavirus-antibody-studies-california-stanford  Call me when you got a Peer-Reviewed study!  You're wasting your time and mine with this nonsense.  -----  >clearly you’re not scientist.  Never claimed to be, you're the only one playing jr scientist here.....  WTH are you talking about?
Were the models you’re relying on peer reviewed? No.   Another study from Iran. Same results. 0.1% fatality rate. Sound familiar?  https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.04.26.20079244v1
>Were the models you’re relying on peer reviewed? No.  Models aren't "peer reviewed", studies are, Dotard. Models are an educated guess of the FUTURE based on current evidence.  SMDH  Just give up playing scientist when you can't even grasp the basic freaking concepts.  No wonder you're so confident based on an extreme minority of studies.  REALITY  [At present, it is tempting to estimate the case fatality rate by dividing the number of known deaths by the number of confirmed cases. The resulting number, however, does not represent the true case fatality rate and might be off by orders of magnitude](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/coronavirus-death-rate/#correct)  [A precise estimate of the case fatality rate is therefore impossible at present.](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/coronavirus-death-rate/#correct)  PS.  A little update to your toddler level comprehension of how to actually calculate a mortality rate during an active Pandemic.  In other words, stop LARPing as a scientist when you don't understand shit, frankly, when it comes to epidemiology.   Looking forward to an update of your "scientific" "calculations" from earlier... lolololol  --------  **Once an epidemic has ended, it is calculated with the formula: deaths / cases.**  **But while an epidemic is still ongoing, as it is the case with the current novel coronavirus outbreak, this formula is, at the very least, "naïve" and can be "misleading if, at the time of analysis, the outcome is unknown for a non negligible proportion of patients."**  **(Methods for Estimating the Case Fatality Ratio for a Novel, Emerging Infectious Disease - Ghani et al, American Journal of Epidemiology).**  **In other words, current deaths belong to a total case figure of the past, not to the current case figure in which the outcome (recovery or death) of a proportion (the most recent cases) hasn't yet been determined.**  **The correct formula, therefore, would appear to be:**  **CFR = deaths at day.x / cases at day.x-{T} (where T = average time period from case confirmation to death)**  **This would constitute a fair attempt to use values for cases and deaths belonging to the same group of patients.**  **One issue can be that of determining whether there is enough data to estimate T with any precision, but it is certainly not T = 0 (what is implicitly used when applying the formula current deaths / current cases to determine CFR during an ongoing outbreak).**  **Let's take, for example, the data at the end of February 8, 2020: 813 deaths (cumulative total) and 37,552 cases (cumulative total) worldwide.**  **If we use the formula (deaths / cases) we get:**  **813 / 37,552 = 2.2% CFR (flawed formula).**  **With a conservative estimate of T = 7 days as the average period from case confirmation to death, we would correct the above formula by using February 1 cumulative cases, which were 14,381, in the denominator:**  **Feb. 8 deaths / Feb. 1 cases = 813 / 14,381 = 5.7% CFR (correct formula, and estimating T=7).**  **T could be estimated by simply looking at the value of (current total deaths + current total recovered) and pair it with a case total in the past that has the same value. For the above formula, the matching dates would be January 26/27, providing an estimate for T of 12 to 13 days. This method of estimating T uses the same logic of the following method, and therefore will yield the same result.**  https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/coronavirus-death-rate/  ---------  It should be cake for such a smart "wannabe scientist" such as yourself....
Former senior Google software engineer on the fraudulent models. Apparently, there are major issues with the code.  But of course, you’re going to say she is wrong because you know more about computer code than her right?   “All papers based on this code should be retracted immediately. Imperial’s modelling efforts should be reset with a new team that isn’t under Professor Ferguson, and which has a commitment to replicable results with published code from day one.   On a personal level, I’d go further and suggest that all academic epidemiology be defunded.”  https://lockdownsceptics.org/code-review-of-fergusons-model/  And of course lockdowns don’t apply to Ferguson.    “A leading epidemiologist who advised the UK government on its coronavirus response resigned from his government post on Tuesday, after the Telegraph newspaper revealed he broke the lockdown rules he helped shape by allowing his reported lover to visit his home.”  https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/05/uk/neil-ferguson-imperial-coronavirus-sage-gbr-intl/index.html
>Former senior Google software engineer on the fraudulent models. Apparently, there are major issues with the code.  >But of course, you’re going to say she is wrong because you know more about computer code than her right?  What's up with this on your source???  "by Sue Denim (not the author’s real name)"  Why do you believe an ANONYMOUS post's opinion on modeling so much?  It doesn't seem very logical to me.... Please answer....  >On a personal level, I’d go further and suggest that all academic epidemiology be defunded.”  ok, the absolute stupidest Reddit comment I've seen this month.  Congrats.  Who should do our research?  I'll wait....  >“A leading epidemiologist who advised the UK government on its coronavirus response resigned from his government post on Tuesday, after the Telegraph newspaper revealed he broke the lockdown rules he helped shape by allowing his reported lover to visit his home.”  relevancy here whatsoever?  huh?    PS.  I'm still waiting on those updated mortality rates Mr. play scientist...  Thx
You don’t have to “believe”. You simply read the argument and determine its validity through logic and reason.   Enjoy your religion of pandemania, believer.
>You simply read the argument and determine its validity through logic and reason.  OK, well you feel free to keep reading your "anonymous" scientific info and I'll stick with actual scientists. SMDH, you're just too far gone now it's laughable.  Peace man....
You’ll stick with your selective segment of scientists who produce models that apparently no one can question.   I have actual scientists who are supporting my point of view like John Ioannidis.
>You’ll stick with your selective segment of scientists who produce models that apparently no one can question.  right, while you stick with ANONYMOUS studies... lolololol  ok bubba
Thats one source. Singular. You’re really getting desperate!
And every other one you've provided has been discredited, so they don't count anymore.. lol.  That's how this works.  What do you even have anymore that hasn't been thoroughly debunked already?   Hmmmmmm...
What has been debunked?
Literally very single study or evidence you have posted in this thread.  Am I taking crazy pills?
Yes you are.
sadly I'm not.... But wish to god I was....  So where's that study you believe in so much that hasn't been discredited(literally every study you've posted)?
Don’t ask me when its your claim that everything has been discredited.
I have made no claim other than the idea that the mortality rate is anywhere near .01, like you preach, is idiotic and has 0 evidence. nothing more, nothing less  But ok....
You have no evidence to rule out that possibility, especially with three antibody tests supporting that conclusion.   Do we need more evidence and peer review  to confirm? Sure. If you’re grounded in science and not dogma, you would be open to the possibility.
>You have no evidence to rule out that possibility, especially with three antibody tests supporting that conclusion.  A whole 3 **controversial** antibody tests are statistically irrelevant.  The sooner you learn how science works, the sooner you will understand.  > If you’re grounded in science and not dogma, you would be open to the possibility.  I'm not the one basing my opinion on 3 studies that have all been discredited.  That's the definition of illogical.  Period.
The only controversial study is the Santa Clara study. Show me where LA and Miami were discredited or controversial.   Also, Indiana University just released results from their antibody study. Guess what? Death rate is again below flu levels. Similar results to other three antibody studies, which are supposedly discredited.   https://news.iu.edu/stories/2020/05/iupui/releases/13-preliminary-findings-impact-covid-19-indiana-coronavirus.html  You’re in such denial. Science is working and in my favor as far as our debate goes.
I'll stick with experts like John Hopkins and not your statistically irrelevant, multiple test types with multiple false-positive rates with really no correlation with one another that you like to push.  [COVID-19 at least 10 times deadlier than typical flu, analysis finds](https://www.upi.com/Health_News/2020/05/14/COVID-19-at-least-10-times-deadlier-than-typical-flu-analysis-finds/4981589467332/)  [Study Referenced.](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/fullarticle/2766121?guestAccessKey=cb171e02-ae9a-4f40-97d4-a69dc439a904&utm_source=For_The_Media&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=ftm_links&utm_content=tfl&utm_term=051420)  Take a look.  That's what a real study looks like.  Posted and OPEN to other scientific INPUT and REVIEW, like Science is supposed to work...
Thats a model that does not use antibody data. Find me a study that uses antibody data, not Worldmeters. I gave my input.   I’ll trust Indiana University, University of Miami, University of Southern California and Stanford University. Are you saying four universities are practicing bad science?
>Are you saying four universities are practicing bad science?  Universities as a whole aren't, but certain employees, could be...  We won't know until we have a STATISTICALLY RELEVANT amount of antibody testing which is starting to roll out now.  Just be **patient** and follow the data, like me.  It's not hard.
You’re not following the data. If you were, you would be more optimistic.
>We won't know until we have a **STATISTICALLY RELEVANT** amount of antibody testing which is starting to roll out now.  >Just be patient and follow the data, like me. It's not hard.
Again, you’re not following the data. You think you are, but you are not.
Whateeeeeeever you say.  Lol  I'm still waiting on that recalculation of the mortality rate. I mean I gave you the formulas and everything.  Tic Toc, tic Toc... Mr.  I'm as smart as the Scientists!
“Estimates of infection fatality rates inferred from seroprevalence studies tend to be much lower than original speculations made in the early days of the pandemic.”   “Infection fatality rates ranged from 0.03% to 0.50% and corrected values ranged from 0.02% to 0.40%.”  Not from me. This is from a epidemiology expert and published on May 13. Please accept science. Thanks.   https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.13.20101253v1
Hit me up when it's open for peer review, Dotard.    That's how Science works  You're doing the opposite.   FROM YOUR SOURCE:  This article is a preprint and has not been certified by peer review [what does this mean?]. It reports new medical research that has yet to be evaluated and so should not be used to guide clinical practice.  SMDH
You’re delaying the inevitable. And its hypocritical when the models you relied on were not peer reviewed either.  “The Imperial College paper was not peer reviewed. The simulation and programming that it relies on has not yet been published in the public domain.”  SMDH at a hypocrite.
>You’re delaying the inevitable.  BC of "feelings"? lol    ok bubba, that's NOT how it works....  >And its hypocritical when the models you relied on were not peer reviewed either.  What are you even talking about?!?  The data used for the study I posted was the following... What on earth are you quoting?!?!?  Stay on track man...  1. Johns Hopkins Coronavirus Resource Center. COVID-19 map. Accessed April 28, 2020. https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html  2. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. US influenza surveillance system: purpose and methods. Accessed April 12, 2020. https://www.cdc.gov/flu/weekly/overview.htm  3. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Disease burden of influenza. Accessed April 12, 2020. https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/index.html  4. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. NHSN reports. Accessed May 5, 2020. https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/datastat/index.html  5. Worldometer. United States. Accessed April 28, 2020. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/us/  6. National Center for Health Statistics Mortality Surveillance System, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Pneumonia and influenza mortality surveillance from the National Center for Health Statistics Mortality Surveillance System. Accessed April 28, 2020. https://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/fluview/mortality.html  7. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Provisional death counts for coronavirus disease (COVID-19): daily updates of totals by week and state. Accessed April 12, 2020. https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/COVID19/index.htm  8. Doshi  P﻿.  Are US flu death figures more PR than science? ﻿  BMJ. 2005;331(7529):1412. doi:10.1136/bmj.331.7529.1412Google ScholarCrossref  9. The COVID Tracking Project. US historical data. Accessed April 27, 2020. https://covidtracking.com/data/us-daily/  10. World Health Organization. Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19): situation report—46. Accessed April 27, 2020. https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/situation-reports/20200306-sitrep-46-covid-19.pdf?sfvrsn=96b04adf_4  Feelings ≠ Facts no matter how bad you want it to.  Enjoy the reading I know you'll ignore since it doesn't fit your narrative...  >SMDH at a hypocrite.  Maybe If I knew WTH you were quoting I might actually understand this... :-/
Those are not studies. Those are basic data sources that only give rudimentary information.   I’m talking about your love for the now discredited Imperial model, which is the basis for the lockdowns.   https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8327641/Coronavirus-modelling-Professor-Neil-Ferguson-branded-mess-experts.html  Good try.
Oh lookee here. According to an estimate from the CDC itself, the IFR is 0.26%.  Maybe you should follow your own advice by following the data.  https://twitter.com/ethicalskeptic/status/1263662455219240962?s=21
>I’m talking about your love for the now discredited Imperial model  Kindly, point to anywhere that I have based anything on Professor Ferguson's Imperial Model? SMH    No wonder it didn't make any sense.  YOU weren't making any sense.  I've never heard of that dude nor do i care about his "Imperial Model" whatever the hell that is..  lol    Dude, just stop..   It's sad...
I don't use twitter for medical advice.  sry  Please link to the CDC, or anything other than an anonymous account really, for any information you expect me to waste my time looking at.  You and your "sources"...  Good times man, thanks for that....lol
Ok to be fair, you never said it yourself.  But your god Fauci did. And you have many comments supporting Fauci.   Will you renounce him now for using bad science as the basis for his policies and recommendations?
>But your god Fauci did  I'm athiest dumbass.  >Will you renounce him now for using bad science as the basis for his policies and recommendations?  Nope. Kindly source what the hell your even talking about...  SMH, you are annoying with your random theories....
Can’t even spell atheist right. SMH.  Here is your source.   “Dr. Birx’s description of the findings was consistent with those in the report, released on Monday by an epidemic modeling group at Imperial College London. The lead author of the study, Neil Ferguson, an epidemiology professor, said in an interview that his group had shared their projections with the White House task force about a week ago and that an early copy of the report was sent over the weekend.”  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/us/coronavirus-fatality-rate-white-house.html
Thanks.  Now I can make sense of it.  He was working with very early and LIMITED data at that time.  His models have changed ALOT since then.  Like I said, That's exactly how Science works.  So, if I get this right he was wrong by way overestimating the deaths forcing a lockdown...  If that's the case, what's your thought's on his other models, from the time, have turned out....  [The true death toll of COVID-19 has far exceeded what was predicted by Imperial under the total lockdown scenario \(20,000 over two years\).](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8327641/Coronavirus-modelling-Professor-Neil-Ferguson-branded-mess-experts.html)  [The Government's total death toll currently stands at 34,466. Using data that collects death certificates, it is more in the region of 39,000.](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8327641/Coronavirus-modelling-Professor-Neil-Ferguson-branded-mess-experts.html)    So some models turned out to be too high and some too low but that's how it goes when you have limited data....  What do you think this proves?!?
I think this proves we shouldn’t make high-stakes decisions without reliable data. The lockdown should have been completely avoided or done for a very short time to make sure the hospital system wasn’t overwhelmed.  We can’t be putting millions of livelihoods at risk based on faulty and unreliable code.   I think you’re being harder on the antibody studies than on Neil Ferguson. You say science is working in this case, but you have already “debunked” the antibody studies even though its far too early to make those sort of conclusions.   Thanks for a more reasonable response this time.

Coronavirus means rough road ahead for NCDOT

This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Ah, the beautiful inflexibility of government.  A golden opportunity to do some much needed work while traffic is lessened, seemingly halted by design in the agency's funding policy.    How much sense does that make?  To set up your agency such that when traffic goes down, you can't work on the roads?
NC is weird about it, they 'adjusted' the tax a few years ago that kind of fixes the gas tax for the time being,   "Effective January 1, 2017, the motor fuels tax rate is set at a flat rate of 34 cents per gallon multiplied by a percentage. The percentage is plus or minus the sum of the annual percentage change in state population for the applicable calendar year, multiplied by 75 percent and the annual energy index percentage change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, multiplied by 25 percent."  Doesn't help when gas crashes and no one is driving though.
Hey man!  Didn't know you were on this subreddit, too!
Yeah, DOT gets its maintenance dollars from the gas tax, which is basically a usage tax (you use it, you pay for it). NC could go to supplementing from general tax revenue which comes with its own advantages and disadvantages. But monkeying with taxes at all is such a political minefield.  There’s not a perfect solution to funding, and this is a rather unprecedented scenario so hindsight is 20/20. Also, DOT usually has reserves it could have burned down, but those are virtually gone due to disaster spending and property lawsuits over the past several years.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com

Coronavirus Outbreak Timelapse January 20 to April 13 Covid 19 Spread Distribution By Continents


North Carolina woman gets coronavirus despite staying home for three weeks

The [original article](https://www.wcnc.com/article/news/health/coronavirus/charlotte-woman-hasnt-left-her-house-in-three-weeks-but-tested-positive-for-covid-19/275-77707b1d-fd2f-4a36-bf3e-16beca4104c4) was much better, and gives a pretty damn good idea of where she got it (unlikely from her groceries) because they actually updated the article rather than this NY Post trash.   >When did she start self-quarantine?  >Around **March 15**. She left the house once since to visit a pharmacy on March 18.  > When did symptoms first show?  > She says symptoms first showed around **March 22**, but it was unclear if it was COVID-19 at that time. Brummert says she experienced headaches, cough, fever, loss of smell and taste and shortness of breath.  Incubation period of COVID is likely [2-14 days](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/symptoms-testing/symptoms.html). Whelp, looks like we have solved a mystery here, and we don't need to spread fear of our grocery stores.
So she didn't stay inside for 3 weeks. She went to a pharmacy and got it 4 days later. Or she got it before March 15th, which is definitely still in the 14 day window of incubation. There's still a possibility to get it from the grocery store, especially if it's crowded with other people. That really goes for anywhere with lots of people. However, there are still no cases to my knowledge that have come from delivered items, like groceries. Does anyone know?

Go download this app to help researchers at Harvard and other institutions track coronavirus in our country.


Coronavirus: Some inmates will leave prison, NC Department of Public Safety says

A good time for us to decide how important it is to really imprison people.  If the crime was of such little importance we can let them go now (drug related offenses, in particular), they shouldn't be locked up in the first place.
But clearly it’s important that we punish people that had a bag of weed on them because it’s the American way

For every person who has died of coronavirus, 710 people have lost their jobs due to the shutdown. Is this ratio acceptable? If it is, what ratio would be unacceptable to you? When do we say enough is enough and reopen our state?
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Imagine how many would be dead and how many would be unemployed if we didn't have any restrictions.
https://imgur.com/gallery/3JMBbGk
I think the better question is “what is reopen?” Because you could breakdown what percentage of the workforce can be sacrificed and the nation could survive. Someone in the government likely has already crunched that number. Probably routinely.   But what does it mean to be reopened? We’re probably not having any big concerts or events for the foreseeable future and those are jobs lost or impacted. How could closed businesses be reorganized to adapt in a social distancing world? As well as the possibility of shifting those laid off to new positions that fill new needs in this changing environment. Theses are more meaningful questions than some arbitrary ratio. Because at its core is a question about the value of human life which I don’t think anyone is really qualified to answer.
You do realize letting people go back to work all at once is going to cause cases and deaths to exponentially increase, right?
Maybe when one of the 710 unemployed volunteers to die of COVID-19 for the benefit of the 709?
We still might exceed our medical capacity, even with current restrictions.  With even fewer, it's a virtual guarantee that there'll be a mass-death crisis.  Not a mass-death circus. Crisis.  Now, sure, that'd pretty much guarantee Biden wins on November 3rd since   1. It'd mostly be older folks dying, skewing the balance of votes away from Republicans, since the old vote skews that way, and  2. Having bad stuff happen makes an incumbent president unpopular.  but fuck  that'd be downright subterranean
How many deaths are acceptable to you?  My mother had cancer last year and is still immunocompromised. The economy will get better. My mother cannot be replaced.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
OP's a semi-skilled troll. Probably doesn't realize his subtle 'outrage' defines him as such. Moving right along...
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
'Little thought seems to be given toward the side effects of the stay at home policy...'  Seriously? To what reality are you confining yourself?
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
And yet your entire premise is asking us to imagine if the job losses and deaths were greater. Make up your mind.
Well we know that the Virus kills about 2-5% of those it infects but its particularly weighted towards the elderly, we also know that about 20% of those infected will end up needing hospitalization(including many young people) and a further subset of that will need care in an ICU.   I think it is safe to assume that if we allow general spread and the 20% needing hospitalization holds true then our healthcare system would collapse, and a massive number of Americans will end up unemployed anyway not to mention the millions that would die
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
What does the International Epidemiological Association or American College of Epidemiology recommend?
How many are you ok with? How many dead people are you ok with? Starting say, in your friends and family.
And how many deaths are you ok with?  Or how about completely overwhelming our healthcare system until it collapses and the death toll ends up being even more?  Or how about you get it, it gets bad and confines you to a hospital bed and ventilator, and then with our shitty way of paying for healthcare, you're stuck with thousands and thousands of medical debt that you can't afford either?
People are allowed to choose to risk their own lives. They're not allowed to risk the lives of everybody around them, which is what happens when the danger is an extremely infectious virus that threatens to overrun hospitals and endanger the lives of even those who don't get infected with it.   It's the difference between driving a race car on a race track and driving a race car on a populated street. One is okay because everybody involved has accepted the risk, one is not because it puts others at risk.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
They don't care until it personally happens to them.
How many are OK with you? Who's life? Your partner, your best friend, your dad, your uncle, your co-worker?
And you assuming that by losing 10 or 20 lives or more in the place of that one life will mean that those jobs are kept.  If a million people die instead of 50,000, and the entire health care system collapses, the economy will not be in a better place.  And, it will take longer to recover, and parts of it may just up and disappear forever.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Zero. Your turn.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
You clearly have no comprehension on what the impact of 5 million dead people would be on the economy. In your fantasy, life is just going on for everyone alive. What about the other millions of sick people? What about the collapsed health care system?  Are you a bad troll, or just at the beginning stages of thinking this through? There are plenty of well executed simulations if you want to see what effect a severe outbreak would have on the world.
This commentary has been deleted in protest of the egregious misuse of social power committed by Reddit Inc. Please consider supporting a more open alternative such as Ruqqus. www.ruqqus.com
Zero preventable deaths. You're ok with anything sub 10million? Is that correct?

Winston-Salem Herbalife plant closes after employees test positive for Coronavirus

How is snake oil essential?
This whole fucking company is the Coronavirus.
I've heard you actually have less of a chance of making profit from an MLM than just a straight up pyramid scheme it's incredible
maybe, maybe not. But, are essential oils not essential!?
If I remember the statistic correctly, 95% of people who participate in an MLM/pyramid scheme lose money rather than make money. Listen to The Dream podcast if you’re interested.
MLMs are pyramid schemes.
I have no idea. Never bought one.
That's why you have to be the one to *start* the pyramid scheme.
It's not a pyramid. It's an upside down triangle.
Yes I'm fully aware, the reason you lose more money in an MLM is because you have to buy their product instead of just recruiting people and reaping the benefits.

Latest NC Corona Virus Stats from WXII12

80........
What is defined as a new case? Per day? Week?
I assume yesterday.

