Confirmed Covid-19 Case
Confirmed Covid-19 case at BB&T Building on Airline Drive.  Person last reported to work on 4th floor on 3/31, called to confirm positive test on 4/1 apparently ignoring self-quarantine orders pending test results. According to building personnel the 4th floor is a call center packed with employees.   I'm an outside contractor who was informed of this last night, and pending assessment of the situation decided to suspend our current duties in the building.  We were informed that they had a cleaning crew come in overnight to clean in compliance with CDC guidlines, but upon hearing how they cleaned we didn't feel confident entering the building today.  Fortunately we weren't doing work in that area, but we don't feel the risk is worth it.  I made this account to make this post since this person was working infected for possibly up to 3 weeks working with potentially hundreds of other employees.  Be aware.   My anonymity is important as I'm sure BB&T will not willingly release this info, and I don't need my employer finding out that I outed one of their clients.  Stay safe.
How did they clean to make you feel uncomfortable? Not doubting just curious
The floor also holds the credit analyst department. I know about 5 people who work on that floor at BB&T
Stay safe thanks.
I'm guessing the triad is going to see an explosion of cases over the next few weeks. This is not good.   If you live in the triad, it is imperative that you stay home except when you need essentials.  When out, avoid busy stores and distance. Wear gloves and a mask.   Good luck folks.
How are you feeling, by the way? That should've been the first thing I asked ya.
Not trying to create panic, anxiety, fear, or conspiracy.  Simply providing information that a large number a people were exposed to a positive case.   Stay safe.
That sucks. Sorry!
Thank you for your honesty and information! There are too many companies covering this pandemic up!
Why are you not reporting this?
>user reports: 1: It's targeted harassment at someone else  Seriously, folks?
TCC building on airport road
Is this the old AMEX building by the airport?
I saw the train station is closed for cleaning due to someone showing symptoms
These people should have been working from home. A computer, headset and internet is all you need.
Have you called the cops?!?!?  It isn't enough for a single anonymous person to make a post about this on Reddit.  You should contact a media source who will keep you anonymous and give up the name of others who can corroborate this.  If this is for real, Reddit is not the only place you should be releasing this.
If you worked in healthcare, you'd be committing a crime by posting this.
Airline Drive?  Or Airlines *Center* Drive?
I don't think there is a coverup.  I was just posting information I felt pertinent to the area so people can take extra precautions.  Hope you are both well.
Seriously, people need to mind their own business. There are no coverups. People have lost their minds.
I don't trust *any* company to do anything beyond what is the *barest minimum* to meet a legal requirement. And that is a bad way to operate during a pandemic. They should be completely transparent - *overly communicative even* - about the situation. Surely there are people who you or your coworkers have had contact with -who deserve to know that they might have been in contact with covid-19.
No one said cover up but you. Quit being a dramatic Karen.
We were told that a team of only a few people came in wearing hazmat gear and walked around with a machine that misted only common areas on the 4th floor.  No wiping, no scrubbing, nothing into the air moving system, and nothing on any other floor.  If this is as serious as they say then I would think a much more thorough cleaning would be in order.
They should have been informed.  If they weren't, you may want to let them know
Thanks, you as well.
What other companies are covering it up that you know of?
There is no legal obligation for any employer to notify anyone other than those who were in contact.   They chose to notify everybody doing work in the building.  There really is no one for me to report it to.  I chose to post here to inform there could be a potential surge in cases in the area and to help people stay informed and safe.
Yes
It is absolutely for real.  The authorities have no control over what the company does.  Their only obligation is to notify those in close contact with the person who tested positive, and sterilize the building (see above for how thorough that was).  Everyone that worked in the building should be notified, however I feel the community should be informed.   I don't like the way the media is handling this whole thing, and I believe the online community would spread unopinionated information just as quickly.
What are the police going to do?
Well, I don't work in healthcare, so your comment is completely useless.  That being said, I didn't reveal any information about the individual, or even hint about any personal information other than they work in a building with upwards of 1,700 people.  So, if you're referring to a HIPPA violation, you're 100% wrong. Even if I knew exactly who this individual was, I wouldn't reveal any of their personal information because I'm not a a shitty human being who would violate someone's personal privacy.
Have you heard of the Earn It act? Makes it seem very likely to me this whole media frenzy about the Coronavirus is some sort of cover up for them to silently pass such a bill. I’m not saying Coronavirus doesn’t exist, but there’s been something very fishy about the way higher ups have handled the situation.
They knew Tuesday night about the incident. They've all been sent home for 2 weeks
The only responsibility the employers have is to notify people who were in close contact, so they can self-quarantine and to sterilize according to CDC guidelines.  They have no obligation to report it to the local or federal government.
I think you're right, this is messed up. I tried to forward this info and was met with indifference.  Thanks for your post.
Shouldn't everybody who worked in that call center be put into quarentine??
People’s brains are broken. If there is a case in my apartment complex, we will be told. I’m so over the witch hunt.
lol you must work on a floor where they value you more than us on the 4th floor, so every other floor than the 4th floor. Every other department had the option to work from home, that option existed before all of this. They told us it would be *months* before we would even have the option to work from home. I've been burning through vacation days for the past 3 weeks so that I can stay home and be paid. We get penalised for practically anything. All of this is to say, you have a skewed perception of what most is in that building.  My sup texted my teammates, I wasn't even in this group chat, about it all but there were other agents that heard nothing from their sup to begin with
Majority of the 4th floor has YET been given the option to work from home...
Not every time, not every mom and pop.  High-profile examples (like a call center with masses of people) -- and the issue as a whole. One of the first cases reported in Greensboro, they reported that it was at that Syngenta company. Those cases in Raleigh were linked to a Biogen event. It was widely publicized. This is not without a precedent.   Call out these companies that could have mass exposure like this. This is simple logic.
That's good.  Hopefuy they don't get sick.
That group got sent home but no one else on that floor
But you can at least give us a clue who your employer is so we can avoid going there. Maybe you can also report them?
Honestly, the virus is here, unless you’ve been locked up at home since February, it’s more likely that you’ve been exposed than not.    It isn’t being emphasized enough how quickly people are getting admitted into hospitals right now.  The people being hospitalized are not just old people, and they aren’t necessarily people with identifiable exposure.    We have community spread.  I personally find the exceptions for essential businesses to be far too broad, especially when those businesses are not having people work from home.    There is zero excuse for a call center to be having people work in house right now.
But how will you be told when no one can get tested if they possibly have it. I haven’t been able to go to work for a week but I can’t be tested because I’m not at risk.
Facts. The rest of the building is empty though.
If strictly groceries, I’m wondering if it’s Harris Teeter.  They are now cleaning quite a bit, but they havent limited the number of people going in.
I have a friend in greensboro who is in her 30s or 40s and already has been to the hospital but was sent home.  I've been working from home.and everyone else is home from school or work for almost 3 weeks and no symptoms yet luckily.
Are you sick?
Facts: there were still many people working in close proximity on that floor with this individual when they should have been responsible and stayed home.   If there were 100 people working there, that's potentially 100 more cases.  If there were 300 people working there, that's potentially 300 more cases + thecpeople they could unknowingly pass it on to.  Sick person should been 100% proactive about not going to work once they went and got tested.
Yup, the people in the hospital haven’t been especially old.
I had a fever, called my doctor but couldn’t get tested, I’m better now but yeah most people can’t get tested
I agree with you completely

Landlord raising rent on my friends apartment during COVID-19 crisis.
So my best friend is freaking out over an email that was sent to her by her landlord. They are raising the rent on her apartment and she's currently struggling to pay her current rent because she is currently unemployed. Can they evict her right now? They sent another email stating they are protected by the law and what they are doing is not illegal. Anyone have any insight?
The courts are not processing evictions right now. She needs to sit tight and NOT leave. She can call the sheriff's department,  if the landlord tries any monkey business.  She can NOT be legally evicted until the courts resume normal business and let's just say evictions are not going to be high on the list for the next few months.
I see you posted she's mont to month. Yes, they can legally raise her rent each month. If you want your rental rate locked in long-term, sign a long-term lease.  She is still legally required to pay rent, but courts have basically shut down with a few exceptions. Evictions aren't one of them and are suspended, so she can't be evicted for the time being. However, when courts open back up, the landlord can evict her and also get a big fat judgment against her for all the back rent.
Since she is a month to month tenant, the landlord is not breaking the law by raising the rent going forward.  If she does not pay the increased rent, the landlord can file for eviction.  Actually, since she is month to month the landlord can file for eviction anyway.  The Courts are not setting court date for eviction filings right now, so she won't actually get removed.  CJ Beasley just extended the moratorium on non emergency court proceedings through May 1 and indicated that another extension through June 1 is coming.  At this point, the absolute earliest I would expect a summary ejectment proceeding to occur in Guilford is late June, and that is probably pushing it.
Did she have a lease that ended? Or is she month to month?
what the fuck? who is this landlord? they should be publicly shamed. is it a management company?
If it's a month-to-month, that's legal, but it's super-fucked-up. Tell her to call Greensboro Housing Coalition. Ask for Ken. He may be able to help her negotiate a freeze on the rent increase. Other poster is correct courts aren't processing evictions right now, but your friend needs to continue to at least pay the rent she's been paying. They're not gonna pause on evictions forever.  Barring that, tell us the landlord so we can shame the hell out of them.
[Your friend may want to contact the City of Greensboro’s Human Relations Department. ](https://www.greensboro-nc.gov/departments/human-relations). They offer a lot of fair housing resources, including Landlord-Tenant dispute resolution.
She can pay rent after getting the $1200 stimulus check. She can move out after this covid thing is done and go to a move decent landlord.
That landlord is a scumbag.
Get together collectively, do a rent strike.  They've been  working on shitty landlords right now because of the no evictions, if you can get everyone together on it.
There is no protection against a raise in rent unless there is language in the lease stating otherwise, but the landlord would have difficulty processing an eviction right now.
Ya might wanna tell her to submit a price gouging complaint to the state
If she signed a lease thats not allowed. In either case if the courts arent open she cant be evicted right now.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.greensboro.com/news/local_news/guilford-county-eviction-hearings-on-hold-at-least-for-a-while-in-light-of-coronavirus/article_790911e0-334d-566c-aafa-90db02e296fc.amp.html
Thst sounds like my old apartment.   Over on friendly near Gilford college
Just make sure she keeps paying the current rent so she doesn’t owe a ton when she eventually gets evicted
Wouldn’t that qualify as price gouging?
Fuck landlords
They can't just "raise rent" what does the lease say? There are tenants and landlords rights and obligation outlined in there. The courts aren't processing evictions right now so they can file for eviction but it won't happen.  Ask her to review the lease. Did it go from a yearly contract to month to month at a higher price if the new lease is not signed?
Lawyer up
The courts just announced that they are going to continue to stay closed until June 1st. It will be months before the landlord will be able to get the eviction.   That said, that doesn't mean that the landlord isn't going to evict them at some point or that they won't owe back rent. There will be repercussions from not paying the rent. You just won't feel them for a few months.
Thank you! I will let her know.
Its month to month
Not when it's month to month unfortunately.  A longer lease would have offered more protections.
Name and shame. It’s hard enough t pay rent in normal times. Hopefully this just a landlords poor reaction to the situation not overt greed coming through.
Landlords gonna landlord
Do we know this landlord is doing anything improper? Do we know this isn't a planned increase? There is no special advantage to increasing rent right now anyways. It not like there is increased demand and lower supply for housing.
The rent strike is ridiculous.  I can't go and just do a mortgage strike and not pay my mortgage without major consequences.  Though I def don't think this is the time for people to be upping their rent, its no time to strike and hurt homeowners who aren't getting any mortgage assistance.  Mortgage assistance is not offered to everyone.  I refuse to live above my means and cant expect someone else to support me. Its hard to think my tenants would think its my job to provide for them when I have my own family, bills, & life problems.  This nasty "entitled" mentality of rent strike is mind blowing and immature.  Especially in this epidemic.   Especially when most of us aren't just some independently wealthy entity. We are all suffering! Down vote as you wish.   Its pretty saddening to see so many expect the fall to always have to land on someone else when we were all in this together, struggling.
Nice of you to volunteer others for a rent strike. Are you going to strike too?
That isn't price gouging. lol How you had so many upvotes for such dumb advice amazes me.
A month to month lease I don't even think it would be eviction. Just a we decided not to continue leasing and she has no recourse.
Its month to month. They just asked her if she was okay with the raise. She said no. She's received no reply back.
If you can't pay rent, how do you pay an attorney?
Not for month to month tenancies.  Can still go through certain processes.
I will add to this discussion that they have frozen eviction proceedings until April 15th I think. So it’s not a huge amount of time. Edit: it’s April 17th.
The landlord can raise the rent legally each 30 days or end renting to them. It's all legal, the virus didn't change your obligation to pay or move out. NC is a very landlord friendly state, it's very easy to evict.
She might have the option to go to a year lease with a lower rent.
Mo to mo means landlord can change rates and month to month tenancies CAN be evicted in NC right now. Eviction requires 2 week notice.  This is the legal advice you want. Sign a 12 mo lease for some security and keep paid up.
No I'm not talking about legality. It's a shitty thing to do right now
This isn't a "nasty and entitled mentality". This is people who could make rent before, and now no longer can because they were laid off due to COVID-19. Everyone is struggling. This isn't the time for **anyone** to have to be bled dry for money, when they still need to put food on the table.  If the government could do something to stop mortgage payments, then it would ease the need for landlords who rely on rent payments each month.  This isn't an "entitled", poor people problem. It is a bigger issue that needs to be addressed.
Except most mortgage providers are offering some kind of forbearance to those affected by COVID-19? So I'm not 100% sure where your sentiment is coming from unless you just have a shitty mortgage company/bank. Hell, even Fannie Mae is offering up to a 12 month forbearance to those affected. I know I've gotten emails from my bank about forbearance and reduced rate options for loan/mortgage holders as well. So those with mortgages aren't receiving nothing like you say they are. Maybe there might be an extra step or two involved, but I really think those in actual houses with mortgages are coming out better than renters.
It's a shtty thing to do to a tenant right now, but you're right, it's not illegal.  Good luck to the assholes in getting a court date at this time; it's gonna be months.
Who on Earth would say yes, especially right now?
http://www.legalaidnc.org. I personally haven’t used this resource however I imagine they might be able to help.
I wouldn't trust Reddit for legal advice, go to legal aid if you are having trouble with finding  an attorney.
I'll continue this train, even after it goes to court (and I'm sure it will take a while, they'll be backed up) they'll have an additional 30 days after the court dates.
You're getting downvoted but you're not wrong. Still shitty af what the landlord is doing.
It won't be easy when sherriffs refuse to enforce it.  Most are.
ABSOLUTELY!
I agree. Businesses and landlords ans anyone else pulling shitty shenanigans right now, legal or no, should be named and shamed publicly so people can have that knowledge when deciding whether they want to do business with them in the future.
Moved from my last home.  Have a $2000 mortgage on it yet am charging $1800 (not including HOA fees, etc)   to current tenants who now want us to just forgive their rent for the next 18 months due to covid. And this $ will magically appear from where?
If you are relying on anybody but yourself to pay your bills, YOU HAVE ENTITLED MENTALITY.
The attorney general’s office doesn’t prosecute assholes, they prosecute criminals.
They are a great resource & still working from home to assist those that need support.
True. Seems like OP’s friend signed a lease that is in the landlords favor tho.
I have a feeling we’re not getting the full story from OP. He’s already stated they’ve been emailing with management and the fact that they had to assure OP’s friend what they are doing is legal makes me wonder what was exchanged that OP isn’t telling us about.
Nope...not in most counties for being behind on month to month lease.
Like I said, this is a bigger issue than just forcing all the blame on tenants. No one should be bled dry of their money, even you. The government should start by doing something to relieve the burden on landlords who rely on this money to not just live, but pay their own bills. Maybe something like halting mortgage payments during this epidemic. That way, tenants don't need to be forced to pay their savings on just rent for the month.
But if you would have had a job otherwise? Say in restaurant work or in daycare service and you no longer have a job or a savings? That's not really the same thing as just not being able to afford your bills. These aren't normal circumstances. If you had a job a month ago, and now don't, it's just not the same.
A landlord is literally relying on other people to pay their bills
Yup. and even if they did, I don't think asshole prosecution would be high on the priority list right now.
But when I have to use my savings to pay my personal mortgage, why does a tenant not feel the same level of responsibility?  Their savings? Too bad...Im a chemo patient who's literally living and  breathing off of my savings daily while expecting nothing from no one. Why should I support my tenants.  I shouldn't.
It's not my sole paycheck but when someone leases my house  rather than them choosing to purchase my home, it's their job to figure out how to pay their bills, just as its my job to pay mine.
I thought the landlord was supplying a place to live for people who can't get a mortgage.
Who are you relying on to pay your bills?
Then that is another totally different ballpark with chemo treatment, and affordable healthcare. No one should be forced to pay for medical treatment out of their savings, it should be something that is affordable. People shouldn't be left to die if they can't afford exorbitant health care bills.  But if they halt payments, and they make it so you don't have to pay for your mortgage (even including HOA fees and such), it should be beneficial to you both.   All of these problems you are telling me aren't the fault of your tenants, but a broken system.
Workers supplied the place to live, my landlord just has a piece of paper making them feel entitled to a third of my paycheck each month even though the building is already paid for.
Me, the person doing the labor that generates value. My boss collects it, takes some off the top (some would argue exploitatively), and gives some back to me but the money wouldn't exist were I not there continually doing the work.   Compare that to a landlord. They may actually put a few hours of hard work a month into maintaining the property and do certainly deserve fair compensation for that. But, they rely on me to give them a fraction of my income significantly more than proportional to the amount of hours they put in because at some point they invested money to own the property and now feel *entitled* to profit off of a thing I need to live. That's not even considering inherited properties where someone feels entitled to a chunk of my paycheck because their parents made an investment.
We can't all blame life on a broken system.  We are dealing with 1st world problems.  When I spent time volunteering in 3rd world countries, their priorities were cared for first without an expectation of someone else coming in to save them.
Not quite!  Tenants can work with landlords to fight for some mortgage protection rather than fighting the people that are working to help provide a nice roof over their head while ensuring all goes right and that the home is kept up, etc etc.
Why do you feel entitled to the free use of someone else's property?
Wtf
No they are entitled to a chunk of your pay because you want to live in the fucking house thats in their name.
Your attitude is definitely the problem  When you work for someone it’s only because they have put the money into the Business without their investment you don’t have a job to even do
I think life for everyone should be better than it is, no matter the country they are from. We should all strive in solidarity for more, not just for ourselves, but for all on this planet.   Either way, things are probably going to get worse before it gets better. Which will mean more people unemployed, and more people in need of a rent freeze / mortgage freeze. More unemployed people will mean more uninsured people. All of these things point out flaws in our system. These things need to be addressed at some point, no matter what your beliefs might be.
Why do they feel entitled to bar access to (or at least charge more than absolutely necessary for) a basic human necessity when they already have a place to live? People will literally die without a roof over their heads, the same can't be said for that third rental property.
Man you can't reason with fucking commies dude
So if investors didn't exist people would suddenly stop having needs they're willing to pay others to fulfill? It seems like as long as people need food/shelter/goods/etc. there'll be a job to do.   If it's a matter of where the tools come from sure, my boss could invest that money and expect some of the value we generate in return ad infinitum but so could me and my fellow workers. Employee owned businesses are far from a new concept, who do they have to thank for creating their jobs?
Lol you're one of those types. Sorry people enjoy making money to better their lives instead of wallowing in the lowest income bracket. How dare they?
And that’s why America is great you have the same opportunity to make money and invest it so you can also live the dream
"One of those types" that doesn't want people to die if it's easily avoidable? Guilty as charged I guess.  If that's your mentality then why shouldn't I be able to buy all the water in Greensboro and charge $15 a gallon for it? Water is as necessary for life in the short term as shelter is in the long so where's the difference?
This really has nothing to do with what I said but most similarly developed countries have similar if not significantly higher social mobility. If "opportunity to live the dream" is how we're measuring greatness and that means climbing the ladder of economic success then the US is arguably not even in the top thirty.   We're like, about as great as Latvia or Poland. We're further from first place than Vietnam, Saudi Arabia, or Thailand are from us so however less great you imagine they are, is how we look to Denmark.  Here's that dataset, it's from the World Economic Forum which is pretty America friendly so take those stats with a grain of salt: http://www3.weforum.org/docs/Global_Social_Mobility_Report.pdf
You gotta pay for water just like.you gotta pay for a place to live. Does your monthly water bill seem like a scam too?
That's actually a good point. To get water you have to collect, purify, and redistribute it which takes labor and paying a reasonable price for someone's labor isn't a scam. Most Americans' are paying the price of doing that labor and *barely* any more if at all because water is usually a public utility.   So, if we treated shelter like water we'd be paying just enough to build and then maintain it. My landlord didn't build my house, they certainly don't do hundreds of dollars of maintenance a month, so what are they doing that entitles them to more than that baseline?
Because houses has a cost to produce. Why would anyone lose money producing them and not trying to regain what they spent? It's like you're being willfully if ignorant of how much things cost. Houses aren't free. Your landlord didn't just find an abandoned house on the corner, adopt and raise it on his own like a stray fucking pet then decide to charge people to live there.
Okay, so once the landlord has made back the money they invested and then some why shouldn't my rent go down? Or, if I live here long enough to pay as much in rent as it'd cost to just buy the place, why shouldn't ownership then be transferred to me?
Do you have any idea how long you would have to rent a place to pay enough in rent to technically own the place? Also why is it the landlords responsibility to care at all about how much you're paying in regards to him? He OWNS it. It's a market he can charge whatever he likes and you're free to decide to live somewhere else.

thousands of "abnormal" and "unavailable" causes of death for Florida 1st quarter (to anyone who thinks this Covid-19 is no big deal)

You do realize that the RESPIRATORY DISEASES is the part of Covid-19 that actually kills you right? Like all the unknowns and abnormals aren't Covid-19.  Most people develop pneumonia and die.

Another option for those needing work: Tractor Supply is hiring -- Tractor Supply Co., which has 12 Triad locations, is pushing ahead with what it calls its most ambitious hiring spree ever, coming amid the COVID-19 pandemic.

Lowe’s stores are still bringing in bunches of people to start during this

Why is Guilford almost matching Mecklenburg for COVID-19 deaths despite having a fraction of the cases? Is this because of low testing numbers or something else?

It's very upsetting. They are also not releasing as much information about the patients, like age or comorbidities, as other medical organizations. It gives the impression that Cone is completely unprepared. Wake has zero deaths by comparison with 1 million in population and twice or three times as many testing positive.
This is purely a guess, but a contributing factor may be that Guilford County is accounting for the deaths of patients diagnosed in other counties because they are coming to hospitals here.
The sample size is pretty small. If the right people catch it, it can be extremely deadly and nothing can be done.
[Source](https://covidnow.com/states)
You're only looking at 4 data points.  You need to be looking at way more data to draw any reasonable conclusions, you've narrowed far too much.
Even the best data sets have holes in them, with coronavirus. I keep seeing headlines about underreported cases counts and death counts. One thing that seems pretty clear is that social distancing seems to work. Look for President Porno to come out today and blow that up though, *back to work May 1st, America, it'll be more tremendous and beautiful than ever*
5G Radiation.  Stop lieing to the ppl😤
About a month ago, someone told me her husband was head of infectious diseases at Cone and he said Coronavirus was nothing to worry about because only people who traveled were getting it.
Healthcare management in general are no better than our leaders in the White House. Medical management and Financial types together are the team. And the true medical guys aren't the management type. They practice medicine and don't manage hospitals.  So, yeah it's a cluster everywhere!
Maybe that's your reason right there. If a guy like that is in charge, it's bound to be a poorly managed situation.  I've seen comments here and there from local healthcare workers who don't seem to grasp the severity of the situation. Maybe they're the types who have to have it *right in their face* before they respond.

Severely ill COVID-19 patients to be treated at former Women's Hospital and Wesley Long in Greensboro


Severely ill COVID-19 patients to be treated at former Women's Hospital and Wesley Long in Greensboro (News & Record)

I work for Cone and received word mid March that we needed to re-outfit the facility. We redeployed all the computers we had just ripped out (after upgrading the best we could and reinstalling OS, etc) and had it ready to go after a little more than a week. Fortunately we were able to do all of that work while planning was happening for other parts of the facility so we weren’t in the way when construction started. They turned the whole place into a negative pressure facility and also installed machines that turn all the rooms into negative pressure rooms.   One other person mentioned multiple patients per room, I believe that picture is from the NICU. Those are big open areas and would definitely have multiple patients, but the normal rooms I believe are still one patient per room.   It was surreal working in the empty facility and knowing what was coming. All 3 of my boys were born there.
My husband is an ICU nurse at Cone; he'll be doing his first COVID-19 care shift at the Green Valley campus tonight. The patient census in most units is so low that he knew he would get floated there sooner or later, and took the initiative to volunteer. I'm couldn't be more proud of him and his brave colleagues right now. I'm worried for him. I'm worried for all of us. Hug your quarantine pals.
I am glad we have the facilities for this, and I hope we don't need to use their full capacity.  Hoping we get a handle on this soon and can go back to a reasonable, safe normal.
I didn't realize how dismal the stats were for people who go on ventilators. Hopefully they're trying and learning new practices and getting some better outcomes.
I gave birth to both my kids there, it was a really nice experience even with the kid that tried to kill me on the way out and ended up in the nicu..looks like they converted the previously private rooms to hold multiple patients
My guess is they want to make sure that supplies and protective equipment are being conserved for these specialized departments, in the hopes that patients start directing themselves towards the facilities more equipped to handle covid-19 symptoms.   Many of our ED’s also took down their isolation tents this last weekend but that very well could have been to prevent any weather damage.
The availability of the Women's Hospital couldn't have come at a better time, and definitely strange, all 3 of my girls were born there, and I spent many hours in the NICU with my twins..
Thank you for all he is doing! And thank you for supporting him!
Having a completely (recently) empty hospital right down the street certainly helps.
That’s the NICU in the picture. The patient rooms are still single patient. ( I suppose that could change if capacity is needed, they could maybe fit two patients in the labor and delivery area)
Are you sure? The nicu room we were in had glass windows to the other nicu rooms next door and were a bigger than this I think...maybe this is labor and delivery? Or could be a side nicu room I didn't see (we were directly in front of the entrance)
Its definitely NICU. This angle makes the room look a lot smaller. The row of red power outlets are a giveaway, nowhere else looked like that. The NICU there has 4 or 5 glass “pods”, and this is one of them. It seems like I recall windows between them as well, and I’m thinking that either some pods had glass between and some didn’t, or for some reason they covered the glass. They were doing a lot of construction like that after I left.

House Select Committee on Covid-19
Here is a link to the live streams of the House Select Committee on Covid-19. It is incredibly important for us to be engaged with what is happening in our state and how these issues are being handled. https://www.ncleg.gov/Video/HouseCOVID19Being engaged on a local level is one of the most important things you can do to change peoples lives for the better. Contact your house member if there is an issue you are aware of that may have a fix.https://www.ncleg.gov/FindYourLegislators

COVID-19 Charities?
So for Mother's Day my mother told me she doesn't want gifts, but instead would prefer that we donate to COVID-19 relief efforts.  (Of course I still plan on getting her some physical gifts) but can anyone suggest some good charities for a small monetary donation?  I was considering a food bank, I was told that money is better for them than donating food, because they are better equipped to get better prices from suppliers, not sure if it's true.  It would be nice if I could get something to send her showing a donation in her name if possible. Anyone have any thoughts?
There are many food banks in the area, but I don't have experience as to one being better than another. A simple search turns up a long list.  Any area hospital will have an associated non-profit attached if you want to fund medical staff getting PPE or meals.  There's [https://covid19responsefund.org/](https://covid19responsefund.org/) for the WHO.
You might want to look up Out of the Garden, the Interactive Resource Center, Second Harvest Food Bank, or Church World Service. I’m not sure what they might have in terms of official “in your honor” materials but there’s no harm in asking. You could always just write a simple card saying that you gave in her honor as well.
Based on another comment in this sub I donated some of my stimulus money to A Simple Gesture. From what I can tell they’re a great organization! Based on what I’ve been told local food banks in general are the way to go right now. https://asimplegesturegso.org/

The Servant Center: COVID-19 Donations
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/uo4ai1pa4eu41.jpg?width=1428&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=cc000b4341ae6035964b1d8983af7049bd3a2a0fHello Greensboro Community,The Servant Center is a local 27-year old nonprofit in Greensboro aimed at providing the homeless and disabled in our community, particularly veterans, assistance with housing, health care and other restorative services. Our staff remains dedicated to providing services to our residents and clients of a highly at risk population. Currently we house 38 homeless and disabled veterans in our transitional and our permanent supportive housing. Our agency, like many have been greatly impacted by a new limitation in funds and resources during the times of COVID-19. During times of struggles, we are reaching out to our community with a need of a few resources!**MASKS:**In order to ensure the health and safety of our residents, clients and staff members we are in need of masks. Specifically, disposable “procedure” or “surgical” masks. We understand that there may be few available, so we are also able to accept reusable masks made of the following materials:* two layers of high-quality, heavyweight “quilter’s cotton,”* a two-layer mask made with thick batik fabric,* and a double-layer mask with an inner layer of flannel and outer layer of cotton.**FOOD DONATIONS:**We are experiencing a shortage of food supplies that are necessary for the health and nourishment of our residents. We have reached out to local restaurants with little feedback on donations, so we are hoping our Guildford County neighbors can help! Here are a list of food items:* Frozen meats* Produce* Dairy products**SANITATION SUPPLIES:**The most effective way to combat COVID-19 is through cleanliness. To keep our offices, residents and staff safe from germs we are in need of a few of the following supplies:* Lysol* Clorox/Clorox Wipes* Rubbing alcohol* Bleach* Non-alcohol based cleaning products**During this Coronavirus pandemic, we are extremely grateful to our community members for pitching in while we push through unexpected struggles! For more information on our agency please visit our website** theservantcenter.org! **For inquiries on donation drop-offs and pick-ups please contact our Marketing & Development team, Lucy Acosta (**[**lacosta@theservantcenter.org**](mailto:lacosta@theservantcenter.org)**) and Desmyne Gaines, (**[**dgaines@theservantcenter.org**](mailto:dgaines@theservantcenter.org)**).****Thank You!**

Rudd’s farm closes due to outbreak of COVID 19 🍓🍓🍓

Is this the same farm that had like 200 cars coming through to pick up strawberries last week or week before?
[Valley Falls Farm](https://www.facebook.com/valleyfallsfarm/) is still selling during select days/hours for the immediate future.
So sad reading all of these stories 😢 this was a fourth generation farm too
Yep. We got some the first week. Best strawberries I’ve ever had.  Hate to hear this.
Yep. I tried to pick some up last weekend, it was a fucking nightmare.
I saw where Mabe’s (Walnut Cove) is opening soon and doing drive thru ($12).  I’m not sure what Tucker’s on 220 near Madison is doing?
Hopefully it stays a temporary closure and they can make it through this.
It says it's temporary.
I saw that it said temporarily, I just know that if this is their main source of income they are struggling 😊 hope it doesn’t cause them to close permanently:)
Yeah I feel that's the word everyone so far in this thread has been missing.
Agreed! I've never been. 😢
Haha for sure
It’s a beautiful place too ☺️

COVID-19 Non-profit donations


UPDATE: Coronavirus projections for NC; unemployment insurance; U.S. Corps of Engineers - Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/483v9juv09q41.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=71b9e52ac18cb3e1bcac7f96aea7d8ed952d3f48**CURRENT STATS (as of 4/1 at 2:00 p.m.)**1,600+ cases26,000+ tests completed200+ hospitalizations10 deathsNC has roughly 2,800 ventilators (more on the way) with 2,100 currently available[The bend at the top looks encouraging but it might just be because we only have half a day's data right now.](https://preview.redd.it/07o06www09q41.png?width=1365&format=png&auto=webp&s=902ed5934964e5242455595ba9b532bee23f6990)**HOW BAD WILL THIS BE IN NC?**There’s a new estimate of how bad this is likely to get in NC and I want to share it with you - not because I’m certain it’s completely accurate, but because it’s the best effort that’s been made public and it gives us at least a sense of what we’re in for.[Source: Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation](https://preview.redd.it/xro15ffz09q41.jpg?width=750&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e1300f68fa46bb3228358060a2e0afb784dd5394)This is a chart of the expected demand for ICU beds in North Carolina and it basically says that if we keep doing what we’re doing - keep schools and non-essential businesses closed and keep our stay home order in place - then we’re going to hit peak infection in late April.The dotted line shows that we may be on course to exceed our ICU bed capacity (which is actually a little bit higher than this chart depicts - we've got about 800 currently available). But the shaded area is essentially the margin of error for the prediction, so we’ve got a wide range between not exceeding capacity and dramatically exceeding it - which would mean a spike in the mortality rate.What does this tell us? It tells us **we still have the time and ability** to minimize the loss of life in our state.To be blunt: We are not going to have widespread testing. There are lots of reasons for that - none of which have to do with our state and all of which have to do with the federal response - but it’s a reality. We’re still using tests and they're very important, but we're not going to test our way out of this like South Korea did. We just didn't get enough test kits fast enough.But - despite that major setback - it’s still possible to minimize the loss of life in our state by making sure we don’t max out the ICU beds. We just have to take social distancing very seriously for the next several weeks. In this model, OUR BEHAVIOR is the biggest variable. How seriously WE take this will ultimately determine the mortality rate.**Quick List*** We’ve only received 17% of the PPE that we requested from the federal government. That’s not good, and it’s why we’re sourcing from everywhere we can find and working with North Carolina manufacturers to switch production to PPE if at all possible.* The state’s unemployment insurance website and call center are still facing a nightmarish traffic jam as they get slammed with 50x the normal traffic, but we are adding servers and contracted with an additional call center to help field calls. If you’re having serious trouble, please fill out this customer contact form: [https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form](https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form).* Regarding the federal unemployment benefit that just passed, it will be administered by the state. We’re still waiting on implementation guidance from the federal Department of Labor, at which point benefits will be paid in about two weeks. Independent contractors and people who are self-employed will qualify for the federal benefit - they do not currently qualify for the state benefit. I know the state website isn’t set up to receive applications from people who are contractors or self-employed and that’s part of what we need to fix. If you fall into this category, just file the application as best you can.* Gov. Cooper’s new executive order means no one can shut off your electricity, gas, or water for at least the next 60 days.* The U.S. Corps of Engineers is helping us scout for places that could be used as hospital expansions.* We've launched a hotline to help critical workers connect with child care (888-600-1685).STAY STRONG. We can do this.More updates soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Your level of engagement with this community is awesome!
Isn't it possible that some communities will not have enough ICU beds, even if there are lots of empty beds on the whole?
Thank you for the frequent updates Senator. I’m very grateful to have people like you and Governor Cooper as leaders during this crisis.   As a grocery vendor and the husband of an ICU nurse, this type of information is crucial for citizens of our state to be aware of in order to minimize the risks we are currently taking by working.
Man, that's a whole lot flatter a curve than we were looking at a week ago! If the beds count is really 800, then the best-chance line on that chart *just* kisses it.   Obviously lots of things can go lots of ways, but this feels like an encouraging update and very positive feedback about the effects of our distancing efforts starting two weeks ago.
Thank you for the update, sir! Are you aware if there will be unemployment assistance (via NC or the CARES Act) for those who started a new job at the beginning of this year and were laid off before they met the minimum time requirements? I applied, but was marked "ineligible" and cannot find a way to appeal it.
Just a layman...crunching numbers all day. NC is absolutely in a favorable position to be one of the least impacted states.   We don't have to become overrun. We can avoid tent hospitals and refrigerated trucks full of citizens.  I really feel helpless as one person just spectating it from the sidelines...BUT I have to share my few observations.   Many states are headed into a condition as bad or worse than Italy has been. NY has greatly exceeded the per captia numbers in Italy and Spain.   Maybe interstate travel destroys any chance of keeping our numbers low...NO idea. Just saying if NC had 100% border control, control over our airports, like a small country, we would be one of the regions with the most promising looking statistics.   I wish we could hang on to this favorable position.  Some numbers from yesterday....   Cases per million people.      World: 110     USA: 570     Italy: 1750     Spain: 2000     South Korea: 190     New York: 3500     North Carolina: 125  [Here's a graph of some US states and other regions mentioned.](https://i.imgur.com/yDUB5bZ.jpg)
So... the ESC is hiring, maybe?
Jeff,  Thanks for all your work on keeping us informed, it really helps in these rough times knowing someone gives a rip about their constituents.
 [https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/02/us/coronavirus-social-distancing.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/02/us/coronavirus-social-distancing.html)   Guilford County is a top-5 worst county in the country at staying home! Notably, this is a lousy measure for social distancing and speaks more to sprawl, it still isn't great news.
Jeff my next door neighbor said that the orange guy was the only one really doing anything for people during this crisis. I cussed him out bad. Multisyllabic cusswords up until I was so mad I couldn’t even speak right anymore. Just the absolute gall of it disgusted me. Literally hundreds of thousands of people, yourself included, have done more to fight against the situation than punkin has lied, blamed, ignored, or flip flopped about anything since he’s been in office. Thank you for what we need more of, a decent human being in a position of leadership.
Yes.
Yes this is entirely plausible. It’s also not just about ICU beds. People suspected of having the virus need to be kept in negative pressure rooms to prevent the spread to other patients and hospital staff. There are far less negative pressure rooms than ICU beds and currently hospitals are trying to come up with ways to turn normal rooms into negative pressure rooms. Throw in ventilator shortages and we’ve got quite the mess if we don’t work hard to flatten the curve.
A genuine thanks to both of you. Every time you and your spouse start your shift you're doing an incredible service to our state.
While I like the optimistic outlook, population centers like New York are always going to be the hardest hit first and then the spread happens.   I hope we are doing enough to flatten the curve, but I expect us to be similar to NY or Italy within a few weeks.    The hope is that we can flatten things enough to spread out the infections.  All it takes is a doofus or two who is sick and goes to Wal-Mart to turn us into the next Washington.    It’s a group effort that we need everyone participating in.
I'm not entirely sure (you should confirm with someone who can say for sure), but I believe that the non-compete would be nullified if the employer ends the employment.
Non-competes are often not legally enforceable, especially if they are so broad as to prevent someone from getting work in their field. I recommend doing some googling as there are a lot of law firms that discuss this on their websites.

The coronavirus hoax: Event 201 conspiracy, deceit, and the New World Order

1. This is beyond stupid.  2. What does this have to do with Greensboro?
You will submit to being chipped or you will not be allowed to buy, sell, or participate in society.   Get in line u/paranoidblackman
Seems legit.

Coronavirus 'could be spreading across the globe through farts' claim doctors

How is this related to Greensboro?
People don't fart in Greensboro?
... Okay, sure. In that case I guess literally any article mentioning human beings is a fair entry for this subreddit.  I’m not going to waste my breath explaining why this article doesn’t belong in this sub, nor does it help any of its readers. I know I’m not the first to criticize your COVID panic-posting, and probably won’t be the last. Best of luck to you.

