Coronavirus: Anger is growing at China over COVID-19 and its apparent cover-up attempt | World News | Sky News

Agree with the article but what does this have to do with the 704 bruh?

All NC Students to repeat current grade as a result of COVID-19 school closures.

This is complete bullshit.  Why are you spreading this?

Sleepy Little Hemby Bridge town puts up Christmas "Peace on Earth" decorations to spread hope during the Covid-19 Pandemic

Funny enough I was wondering last week why they never took the decor down...its been up since December.  I think lighting it is oily only fitting.
Thanks for the hope, sleepy little hemby bridge, and thank you too for the hope, little hope bridge!
I don't think they ever take them down, but they're hard to see when off.  Still, I live in the area and love the sentiment.

Sleepy Little Hemby Bridge town puts up Christmas "Peace on Earth" decorations to spread hope during the Covid-19 Pandemic


My roommate tested positive for Covid-19
My roommate tested positive yesterday...Luckily I have been staying at my parents house since last Wednesday and haven’t really interacted with since last Monday. I stopped by 2 times to get some clothes but that’s about it. I want to get tested, but it seems literally impossible to get one, even though the guy I share an apartment with literally has it. I don’t want to put my parents at risk.What should I do? What can I do to get tested? This is stressing me out.
The best thing you can do is self quarantine yourself for the next 14 days. My child is in another state and has a roommate and a coworker who has tested positive. He’s been instructed to self quarantine for 14 days. Should you develop symptoms CALL your healthcare provider on how to proceed in being seen/possibly tested. Good luck!
Self quarantine just like Everyone else.
So just go back to the apartment and self quarantine there even though I know the virus is on those surfaces? Or stay at my parents and self quarantine at their house?
Please just stay where you are and please for the love of god have your parents self quarantine. There’s zero reason to drag yourself back to your apt your parents are already exposed why leave now?
Also, just curious, but does your roommate have any idea where he got it?
Self-quarantine for at least 14 days from your last potential exposure to that person or the physical space they encountered.  That seems to be what the recommendation is for people unsure if they have it but have experienced potential exposure.    Do not go back to your parents during this time.
Hey, it doesnt matter if you have it or not -act like you have it.
My roommate believes he got it at work. But like I said, I haven’t really interacted with him since last Monday. Either way, I’m going to self quarantine myself and ask my parents to do the same.
That sucks. Anyway stay safe, buddy. Hopefully it’s just a false alarm
Hey, thanks. Hope everyone seeing this is staying safe and taking extra precautions as well.
There's really no reason to get tested unless you're exhibiting symptoms to the point where you think you need hospitalization, and even then they might not test you and just treat you as if you have it.    Follow all recommended quarantine guidelines, notify those you've been in contact with, and take care of yourself.
If you want additional guidance, you can contact the Public Health Hotline at 980-314-9400.
Call (don’t just show up) your doctor. As I understand it, you need paperwork in order to get tested.
If you develop fevers, cough, or shortness of breath, then you'll qualify for testing and should contact your doctor or contact your nearing urgent care.  Until then you should quarantine yourself for 2 weeks since the last time you were exposed.
You should only get tested if you have symptoms
Please save the limited tests for ppl who are experiencing serious symptoms
I can understand wanting confirmation tho
So I thought I had it. I'm mid 30s and healthy. I was told to treat the symptoms and stay home. Only get a test if things got worse. Despite the testing craze, it seems that we don't have the resources to waste on mildly ill folks.
If I was in your situation I would stay where you are. Do not return to your apartment where a person who is positive for COVID is living until they've been cleared. At all.   If you can stay with your parents, do so.
Listen to Mbluna.  Limit your interactions with your folks as much as possible, since there’s a decent chance you are infected. Hopefully you’re not, and hopefully you haven’t infected them, but you all should act as if you are for the time being.
That's a tiny bit silly really as you can never be 100% certain where your infection came from. Could be the UPS driver, or the gas pump handle, maybe you pet a dog while walking down the street. Best bet is to focus on isolation,  and let others around you know that they are also risk factors for others.
The parents have been exposed why would they go elsewhere and risk exposing others. Please use common sense here!!

» COVID-19 Hunger Relief & Support COVID-19 – HOW YOU CAN HELP You can help in 3 ways: 1 – Neighbor to Neighbor 2 – Donate 3 – Volunteer


Today I learned that North Carolina has a rate of Covid-19 infection lower than Montana's and North Dakota's.
The numbers are changing daily, but as of today North Carolina's rate of infection per 100,000 residents is fairly low at 19. This rivals some of the big, sparsely populated states of the midwest and west. We seem to be doing something right.[Source](https://www.cnn.com/interactive/2020/health/coronavirus-us-maps-and-cases/)
Are NC's numbers in terms of tests administered per 100,000 people equivalent to other similarly dense states? I know the number of people tested is low everywhere but I don't know if it differs much by state or region.
I feel like NC /Mecklenburg didnt play any games with this which is an amazing thing. Yeah we have a small group of people still playing sports/having lake parties but in all honesty, majority of stores/stuff ive seen here in Charlotte have been doing the right thing.
Another positive indication for Mecklenburg is that the number of deaths is low relative to number of infections, i.e. 3 deaths out of 500+ infections or .6%. Of course, it is likely that the death rate will rise but this is a sign that the rate of testing and lock down measures are ahead of the curve.  I'm not saying it is going to be a walk in the park for us, but our situation may be more manageable and less apocalyptic than other hot spots like NYC.
Rate of testing in MT and ND per capita?  What are the chances it is even lower than NC?  Separate topic: What’s with SC holding out on declaring Stay At Home policy? Hellllllllooooo south of the border
Finally some good news!
It's dependent on when/how the initial spread started and the rate of testing. Only symptomatic people are tested, and it can take up to 2 weeks before you start showing symptoms.
I read somewhere that alot of rural tourist hotspots are at risk due to city goers fleeing and taking the virus with them. Could explain those two states?
Great - Now stay the fuck at home to keep it that way.
It’s because we shower
Just wanted to take this opportunity to remind everyone that Wyoming does not exist.
19 symptomatic people per 100 k isn't bad. But as long as we keep the. As long as we limit  testing to people with symptoms then you'll never  know the numbers. The numbers for asymptomatic carriers has been as high as 50% in some testing pools. That would  turn the 19 into 28.5 and  14 of those could have moderate to no symptoms at all and therefore wouldn't be tested. While the other 14 are quarantined. But that's ok for virus. The RO is estimated to be 2.5 so it's still ahead. Because the 14 will create 35 new host . Probably more  considering the weak controls we have in place.
As an interesting aside, Blaine County, Idaho is the place with the highest infection rate in the US. NYC is around 0.75%,with a couple of its surrounding suburbs getting up to 1.5%, New Orleans is just over 1% and Blaine County is at 1.8%.  For those wondering wtf is going on in bumfuck Id, [it happens to be a big time ski are](https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/why-an-idaho-ski-destination-has-one-of-the-highest-covid-19-rates-in-the-nation)a.
https://covidtracking.com/data  NC is 276 tests per 100k  ND is 655 tests per 100k  MT is 510 tests per 100k
Yes, contrary to popular opinion here NC is testing at a decent rate of about 3k per 1M. SK is the gold standard at 8k per 1M. But we have a relatively low infection rate per 1k tests done so I doubt resources are being funneled to us.
I don't know that those numbers are being reported anywhere.  Anecdotal evidence suggests that health care workers and first responders are being prioritized for testing (New York City just reported over a thousand firemen have tested positive). If that's the case, at least the sample population would have a similar cross-section in most states.
Maybe we should build a wall.
SC has a Republican governor. A good chunk of Republican governor's have been mirroring the President and right wing media in downplaying the virus and are worried that if they order a lockdown that it will anger Trump who is more worried about the stock market / reelection.  Iowa and four other states — North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska and Arkansas — as yet have no state-wide orders. Seven states — Wyoming, Utah, Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Alabama and South Carolina — have at least one city with shelter-in-place rules but no state wide order. Two states only just issued stay at home orders in the past few days after downplaying it: Florida and Georgia.
According to the testing center we were at yesterday, test results take 2 weeks to get back.  They also aren't testing people unless they clearly have all the signs of COVID-19.   Husband did not get tested, he wasn't presenting enough symptoms. If he has COVID-19, he's about halfway through it.  I didn't get tested, all my symptoms could be allergies.
Yep, that's reported since the start of the epidemic.
I think one thing that's more likely is the opposite effect: midwestern farmers tend to vacation in the winter. They're tied to the crops during the spring, summer and fall, but have some slack time in the winter. That's also when the midwest suffers punishing cold. Many midwesterners travel to the balmier vacation spots (and cruises) in the winter, and may bring the virus home with them.
If I’m reading the numbers right, looks like 4% of people in Montana getting tested have it vs 6% in NC
Slightly confusing that you're using SK for South Korea here. Couldn't figure out which state used this abbreviation. I though of Saskatchewan.
https://covidtracking.com/data  This should help. Reports the total test results (positive and negative) for each state.  Edit:   NC is 276 tests per 100k  ND is 655 tests per 100k  MT is 510 tests per 100k
And make Ohio pay for it.
Florida is so fucked. Blows my mind they didn't issue a stay at home order until this week.
Two weeks? Jesus
Hospital testing takes less than 24 hours on average.  POC testing is being rolled out across the US and that will give much faster results.
Sorry, if you've been following this whenever gold standard is referenced its South Korea so thought it would be self explanatory.
Ikr.  This tells me that the numbers that are released are low. How low, we may never know.  Its extremely concerning to me, that so many people are going undiagnosed.
Do you work at one of the hospitals?  We were at one of the testing centers run by Novant.  I'm not trying to be argumentative, just curious.
I understand that. We were primarily talking about states and how NC matches up against the other 49. The context of the conversation led to the confusion.
Yes. Not within Novant.

Covid-19 relief/help
Hi everyone! I know we are all going through the rough reality of isolation amid the covid-19 pandemic, but I have a serious question(s). 2-1-1 is a constant busy tone and I've been calling for about a week now. I desperately need assistance to keep my apartment as a recently released restaurant worker who doesn't qualify for UI benefits and still waiting on my tax refund since mid-February. Are there any other options or ways to get help in the Charlotte area? Day by day I'm getting more depressed about what will happen/could happen if I don't start working soon. Or if anyone knows of a company that needs workers please drop their name. In all honesty, I'd love to stay home and avoid contracting this disease because I have severe asthma but kinda have to risk it all to keep my home and lights on. I don't have any family and honestly the 3 friends I did have are not communicative so I'm slightly losing my mind over here >.<
Usually Crisis Assistance Ministry is able to help, but since evictions and utility disconnections are halted, their services are limited at this time.  Amazon has been hiring like crazy. They do have WFH customer service/tech support positions available, but you have to check and apply as soon as you see it posted. They go faster than location based warehouse positions.  http://Amazon.force.com  You can also try checking out The Penny Hoarder for other legit WFH jobs.  As far as most of the companies who are hiring, Amazon warehouses, supermarkets, Target, etc., which may not be suitable due to your health.  I hope that you find some resources soon.  Take care.
I have also seen fast food places hiring too!
Do you have a car? I know a way you could make money if you do.
Thank you for responding to my post I really appreciate it! I have tried Amazon but they are currently fully staffed and I'm waiting for the next hiring round to hopefully get in *fingers crossed* If the ban on evictions is lifted, trust me I'll be sleeping on the side walk of crisis to make the best attempt at getting help.  Thank you again and my prayers go out to all of us at this time <3
I'm applying anywhere there's a hiring sign! Thank you I'll definitely try all of the fast food places near me as well! Peace & Love to you and yours during this crazy time
Unfortunately I sold my car to make March rent payment and that's put me in a bit of a pickle but it was my only high dollar item that I could sell. I do have a bike and live in the plaza midwood area which is close enough to downtown to make some trips.

Charlotte Small Business Relief- COVID 19 Free Seminar


Collision of the COVID-19 and Addiction Epidemics


Anyone know if that COVID-19 Drive through test on south blvd across from crispy crepe is legit?
After seeing the news about all these fake testing places popping up, just was curious if anyone knew anything about it. It's in front of the urgent care so I'm assuming its just a private test?  Edit: Photos of the spot. Looked up the website and it *seems* legit.   [https://imgur.com/gallery/qarhiNS](https://imgur.com/gallery/qarhiNS)[https://imgur.com/gallery/jhe8ZGF](https://imgur.com/gallery/jhe8ZGF)
Please, someone upload a photo of this.
I could be mistaken, but you need a referral from your GP before you can be tested. It’s not like you can just drive up and be tested.
There is no roadside test for it. It’s a cash grab like the others. Avoid it and call the cops
I drive by it on my way home from work and my first impression was that it didn't seem right. It's not quite as shady as the pictures let on, but the sharpie signs certainly don't give me any confidence. Seems there's usually just a few folks standing around in PPE and I guess it's better than taking anyone in to the clinic.
I've seen a couple of drive-ups there, with whoever administering it in full protective gear. Curious too. It's right outside of the Better Med urgent care clinic, so I'd like to think it's legit.
If it's legit then the people who would know about it are those who have been referred to it by their actual doctor.  I wouldn't worry about it. Doesn't affect you at all because you can't just walk up and get a test on your own anyway
Call 211 and report
https://imgur.com/gallery/qarhiNS  https://imgur.com/gallery/jhe8ZGF  Went to their website and it looks legit I guess. Sharpie signs would indicate otherwise though.
We’re gunna go to the grocery in a few and drive right past. Will take a photo.
It's literally a pop up tent and a sign made with a sharpie. I'm not actually looking to get tested. It just looks shady as hell.
Private tests are available for those willing to pay a premium.  That's how a lot of the celebrities got theirs early.   But this looks scammy.
https://imgur.com/gallery/qarhiNS this is at the BETTER MED Care
No idea why this subreddit downvotes everyone.
This is what got me feeling weird about it:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/fvx7nv/fake\_coronavirus\_testing\_sites\_offer\_swabs\_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/fvx7nv/fake_coronavirus_testing_sites_offer_swabs_for/)
Yes. You can register online... no referral needed
That sign is wild. Thanks. Stay safe out there.
Seems legit.
Lol, OMG. I gotta drive by and check it out.
Lololol that’s ghetto as fuck. Definitely not legit. And like the other guy said, you have to get it done by health professionals. Also you won’t have to pay cash for it either
Well in that case whatever.. I guess they would be taking appointments then. BetterMed is a chain they aren't something that just popped up this year out of nowhere. Verifying The location as a legit one wouldn't take much effort at all

Amazon worker at Concord facility tests positive for COVID-19

It's going to spread like wildfire in places like this. They send hundreds of people into these places every day.  Social distancing also isnt really possible in these DCs as you can't have only 1 person doing some jobs as it posses different risks.
Shit, I know someone who works there. I hope it hasn’t spread :(
I got a job there since I just got laid off and I was supposed to start Wednesday. Nope.
At least amazon isn’t making them use PTO, like my shitty company. And we had a positive diagnosis, too.
> The individual was working at the sorting center at 1745 Derita Road in Concord.     Well damn, this is just a few minutes away from my house.
Stay safe
Trojans represent!

‘Difficult choices’: Why CMS was the only district excluded from additional COVID-19 funding


How Can I Contribute in Times of COVID-19?


Midtown Target Employee tests positive for COVID-19

Helllll nahhhh
“All of the store’s employees have been notified.” 😂 Nobody told me!
It was just a matter of time.
It's gonna make it's rounds in grocery and big box stores. Too many people are going in large groups (with children!), getting close with employees and management are too busy counting the money to worry about limiting crowd sizes, enforcing distancing and providing PPE to employees.
If people aren’t wearing masks while going into any sort of public space they’re making a mistake
Yikes! I have a drive up order waiting for me! What do you guys think? I’m part of the higher risk population...
Meck county has about 848 cases, which means about 1 in 1290 people have it. Most big box retailers do about 1400 transactions a day, which means that once a day someone walks into the stores who is infected
> Too many people are going in large groups (with children!  I really don't understand why the trip to the grocery store needs to be a family activity. Keep your screamin' semen demons spawn at home!
My friend works in the Harris teeter distribution center and somebody in his department tested positive yesterday. They won't tell them who it was so now he has to just wait to find out if he was in close contact with them or anybody that they were in close contact, or anybody those might have been in close contact with... Etc etc.  How are companies supposed to lower the risk of further spreading the virus if they aren't allowed to say who has tested positive?
I know Charlotte and NC aren’t hit hard as some other cities but it still bothers me how many people I see without masks at the store. It’s the one place everyone has to go, Coronavirus or not 😳
Remember masks are a secondary line of defense against spreading the infection.  Good hand washing and social distancing is our primary defense and should be practiced even if you wear a mask.
THANK YOU. I don’t understand why 50-60% of the people around town are walking around without masks. Do people not understand the severity of this once in a century GLOBAL PANDEMIC?  And most importantly: don’t we all want to go back to normal and drink at bars and eat at restaurants in south end?!?! We gotta flatten that curve and get back to normal ASAP
> Meck county has about 848 cases  *That we know about.
Thank you for doing the math, I’m sure most people don’t understand how close this is to them.
This assumes that all 848 cases are out in public everyday, which isn’t likely. Also assumes big box retailers are operating at the same capacity as before.   There is definitely risk but I don’t think as much as your initial comment implies.
So I'm gonna leave my 1 year and 2 year old at home?
You really don't understand but feel the need to assume that is an option for everyone?
Where can mask even be bought at this point? I thought everywhere was sold out?
True. A mask helps, but it’s even better if your simply avoid people altogether
Also everyone should be taking vitamin C, vitamin D, zinc, copper, and turmeric supplements daily (careful with the turmeric if you're breastfeeding, nothing dangerous but it can drastically increase output)
Than tell me, WHERE THE FUCK CAN I GET MASKS AND GLOVES.  They're sold out everywhere I go no matter what time I go at. I still have to buy food at least once a week and even that is a risk.
I haven't been wearing a mask because it hasn't been recommended for healthy people until very recently. Even now I think there is some confusion due to CDC and WHO making conflicting statements about homemade masks. I made a makeshift mask out of an old t-shirt and a couple of rubber bands for my trip to the grocery store this morning. The employees wore gloves but I didn't notice any that had masks.
A couple days ago about 80% of shoppers at my local Harris Teeter were not wearing masks. All of the “masks do nothing!!” messaging has been really harmful.
“Once in a century” is kinda of an over exaggerating a like HIV was way worse than the Covid-19 and H1N1 was more prevalent.
Mmmmmhhmmmmmm tell em’
Well of course that changes day by day, which only means the rate of exposure increases with each passing day.
i mean, purely anecdotally, i park at the back of a harris teeter parking lot for my lunch break.  its been absolutely packed for the last 2 coming up on 3 weeks straight now. and this is at the 11am-12pm hour.  at least for that hour, its waaay busier than normal
I can tell you that stores that are open are operating at the same, if not more than prior. As for the amount infected, since more cases are shown yup every day, it’s safe to say what I said
you can throw them in the trunk.
There are always options, like food delivery, or [this](https://target.scene7.com/is/image/Target/GUEST_08a87592-6e5a-48da-9001-4312ee8ff94a?wid=488&hei=488&fmt=pjpeg).
I mentioned it earlier to someone else but at this point it’s better to make your own, CDC has some guidelines that help:  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/cloth-face-cover.html   https://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/guid/1A74E9B4-75CB-11EA-8BD5-378253C2B750
Social distancing!  Exactly!
Often times a mask and/or gloves can make it worse due to the fact people haven't changed their behavior and think that by using a mask or gloves they are magically protected. Using gloves is pointless unless you practice proper protocol. I can't count the number of people I see in grocery stores touching their face with gloves on. That's why I'd say social distancing is the #1 thing you can do and wearing a mask will give an ADDED benefit, but only if you properly social distance.
Don’t get why this is downvoted. The reason why supplements are important is because they aid in immunity. Almost everyone of you are likely deficient in vitamin D.  Healthy immune system = better chance at fighting covid  That said, ones needs will vary.
Why do we need to take supplements?  The CDC has nothing about this on their website.
We made some very ugly, rudimentary masks out of a t-shirt. Much better than nothing. Remember, the mask is less for protecting you, more for protecting others in case you are unknowingly infected. There doesn't need to be a whole lot there to cut down on the droplets you're spreading.
There are plenty of diy versions with varying levels of filtering and comfort levels. Google search will bring up some CDC recommended household materials and techniques
Yup, makes me sad. Teh goggles do something!
HIV is definitely worse, but you don’t get HIV by being near someone or touching something they touched.    H1N1 only killed 12,500 people in US despite there being 61 million cases.  Covid-19 mortality is like 100x higher, on the low end.  2% vs .02%  If we end up with 61 million people being infected, there’s going to be millions of people who die
Of course those are worse in some cases, but to have a shutdown and quarantine of this magnitude? Almost 2k deaths a day? Other countries also under massive shutdowns? This is once in a century level stuff.   H1N1 didn’t come close to a majority of the planets population, Covid is probably less than 2 degrees of separation for all of us.  This isn’t a about severity, people just have to take it seriously
True, essentially that would solve the problem indefinitely. 😄😜
There are always options that cost more.  There is not always money to pay for it.  Which is kind of a silly suggestion anyway, when the most likely reason a parent may not be able to leave the kid home is lack of available, affordable childcare.
Grocery delivery is pretty much a non-option right now too, because the store shoppers are booked at least a week in advance everywhere I look. (Same with Instacart, Shipt, etc.)
It's not specific to this disease, just great for your immune system in general.
Agreed, either way this is closer to everyday people than they know. That’s what makes this so serious, but it seems people aren’t seeing it that way.
Globalization wasn’t as big as it is now and the world will soon see the problems of globalization went an inevitable deadlier disease comes out of nowhere and spreads like wildfire. H1N1 infected 1.4 billion people around the world.
Awesome!
It’s all simply a fantasy until you or someone you care about gets it
I means sure, globalization and easy travel made it easier. What made this pandemic worse was poor reaction, we could’ve reacted faster and actually have followed guidelines and this would be a 2-3 month ordeal, not a possible 6 month ordeal (who knows how long especially with people not protecting their faces and hands).   This is good for society, we will treat the next pandemic better. It will be fast and so will we. We have weathered every major issue we’ve encountered.
So sad and true brother/sister
The government will handle it better, but people have short term memory.
You sure? I lived in Florida during Hurricane Andrew, I was 4 years old. No one who lived in Miami forgot, even me as a toddler. These disasters stick, especially since this one is global.   I see your lack of confidence in people but this is big.

Covid-19 Question
I am just sincerely curious about our curve flattening. Is the amount of cases decreasing because of limited testing capabilities and therefore, the number is naturally lowering, or is it really social distancing? I’m not trying to beat a dead horse but there are still people out and about and that’s why I’m asking. I wonder if the number is being downplayed just because we don’t have enough tests to really test it, and people are not displaying symptoms as well, which means you won’t be tested.Just curious really what everyone’s opinion is.
We are not at point where the cases are decreasing. Cases have gone up 60% in the last week in Mecklenburg. So, we have not flatten the curve yet, although there are indications that we will in the next few weeks.  Keep in mind that there is a delay between social instancing interventions and seeing results. The death rate will probably peak at the end of the month, but deaths tend to occur 3-4 weeks after initial exposure.  NC has a relatively low case fatality rate of 1.7% compared to hot spots like NYC, Italy, Spain, etc. So, that indicates that testing is at a reasonable level in NC. If it weren't, we'd seeing a lot more deaths relative to infection rate.  Lastly, there is no question that social distancing works. It has been proven to work all around the world, most notably in Wuhan. And the number will not go down naturally without social distancing. The only other options are reaching herd immunity or a vaccine.  So, we are going to need to live with social distancing measures for 1-2 years, since it will take that long to achieve herd immunity or a vaccine. The only option available is to figure out how to social distance in smarter ways that cause less economic harm, like using an app to social distance people who are at higher risk. Unless we get smart, we are facing major economic collapse that will persist for years. Right now, we continue to waste precious time by failing to formulate national strategy for how to social distance smartly, like other countries are doing.
They have no idea how many people have it. There's no way to count asymptomatic people, possible animals that may be infected etc. There's really no stopping it without a vaccine. The stay at home deal is really just to keep the hospitals from totally overflowing.
I feel like people think that once we get over the curve everything is just going to go back to normal. Until their is a vaccine this virus will be with us for a long time. If everyone just goes back to normal the virus will eventually start spreading again. We also don't know much about the virus, about if people can get reinfected. So this is far from over.
I mean, the NC average number of new cases\* per day over the last 7 days is 256.  And the last 3 days are 299, 260, 250.  I think it's safe to say that most people would agree, at a minimum, that's better than the last 3 days being way above the 7-day average and going up every day.  There are obviously lots of nuances regarding number of tests being given, etc.  \*Source:  The News & Observer compilation of NC DHHS and county health departments reporting of cases.  (Yesterday's number (250) is probably still subject to change.)
This might not answer your question but I just thought I’d add my two cents. I noticed a lot of cars out too but in all honesty , with all the different measures i havent seen any congregating other than at Grocery stores , theirs plenty of essential workers and things that still have to be done. Some times people just wanna get out and drive . I do think that the social distancing is a huge factor in the curve flattening but that def doesnt mean “yaaay we can go outside next week” . You want to maintain that social distance and “flatten the curve” so that theres as many ICU beds for the folks who truly do get sick because obviously, if we give intensive care to the folks who got it the worse that will prevent alot of deaths which is the main key here, saving lives. If we dont flatten that curve , then hospitals get overwhelmed , people who DO need care dont get it and it gets ugly. So yes, social distancing IS working but we still got a good bit of time before we can think about just opening stuff up. Theres still cars out because if you really think about it, a good bit of businesses are open still. People still want food, people still want coffee, people still have to buy cars , people gotta get gas , groceries, home stuff etc... look on any major road, yeah you will have a few game stores, clothing stores stuff like that but you will ALWAYS see food near any stores lol
Testing isn’t at a reasonable level when people are still being denied tests in our state. I agree with just about everything else you said though
A different source\* gives the NC last 7-days averaging 251 new cases per day, with the last 3 days 337, 200, 237.  \*Source:  Johns Hopkins CSSE
Well, I meant reasonable compared to other countries and regions, not in absolute terms. Our fatality rate (in NC only) puts us ahead of Germany and South Korea, which have tested a lot. However, I agree that testing is critical and there would be great benefit to testing way more than we are currently doing.  Some experts have even proposed ramping up testing to astronomical levels to the point where everyone in the country is tested every couple of weeks. That sounds ridiculously impossible but think of the trillions of dollars it would restore to the economy. Some experts suggest that we need to make the impossible possible by mobilizing a massive wartime effort into ramping up testing. I'm not sure logistically how that would work but it sounds like something worth considering.
There are probably thousands of positive cases in the county that weren't allowed to get tested. The number the county gives out is a false sense of safety, making people think it really isn't that bad. Im sure they are also more deaths that we don't know about that are related to COVID, it just didn't happen at the hospital making it official.
Eh, I base on my prognostications of what scientists are saying. They have been right all along. Complacency is what got us into this mess and is just going to make it harder to get out.
And for Mecklenburg, according to the Johns Hopkins CSSE, the **14-day** average new cases per day is 47.....and the **7-day** average new cases per day is also 47.  The last 3 days were 69, 38, 13 to bring us to the 861 total being reported by the Observer.  (That 13 yesterday brought the 7-day average down from 58 to 47.)  Again, I think most would agree this is better than the new cases per day steadily increasing.  Standard disclaimers about testing etc etc etc.  Source:  [https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19/blob/master/csse\_covid\_19\_data/csse\_covid\_19\_time\_series/time\_series\_covid19\_confirmed\_US.csv](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19/blob/master/csse_covid_19_data/csse_covid_19_time_series/time_series_covid19_confirmed_US.csv)
It’s a radical idea but I agree it’s worth considering. We aren’t getting a vaccine anytime soon so what do we have to lose?
You’re right about that, which is why I included it as a caveat in my original post. But it’s also safe I think to conclude that even though we aren’t testing everyone, we are seeing a decline in the positivity rate of tests that are being administered.

Was this for the officer who passed away from COVID-19? It lasted about 10 minutes

Still happening here at Dilworth by little sugar creek
I dont hear anything. But I know the Pineville PD just went to CMC Pineville and ran their sirens in support of all of the healthcare workers.
https://www.wccbcharlotte.com/2020/04/09/cmpd-doing-a-parade-of-lights-for-hospital-workers/
Parade of lights for the health care workers
My mom was trying to turn out of her office on East Blvd and said she waited over 20 minutes for all the cars to pass. Do healthcare professionals actually like this kind of stuff? I feel like I would be vaguely annoyed at so many resources being put towards something like this, especially with the sirens going off. Like how is that showing support lol I don't get it.
That has to be almost every car in the county that isn’t working

Glory Days Apparel sponsoring rail trail photo contest during COVID-19

Thank you for your submission!  It appears you are looking for some sort of Best of or Favorite recommendation. Depending on how long ago the last post was on this topic, your post maybe removed at mod discretion.  In the meantime though take a look at the resources below.  * [Previous posts](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/search?q=Glory Days Apparel sponsoring rail trail photo contest during COVID-19&restrict_sr=1&sort=top) * [Map of things in Charlotte](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=132ZAJQwAxyrDhb8j4B4RaSUTN9L1A0VM&shorturl=1&ll=35.14212380113511%2C-80.76585532969364&z=11)  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Charlotte) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Seems that they really don’t understand optics and how they work. In the post they mention “people are encouraged to submit photos taken previous to the studio at home order”, but do we honestly think people aren’t going to rush out to the rail trail to take the perfect photo when they realize the ones they have won’t win? Just seems like not the best way to try and raise money right now
I (kinda) get what they are trying to accomplish...  But this is just weird.   Whether its going to satirical or just an Instagram style competition for attention, it's all just weird.   I'm trying to be an adult and use my big boy words, but the only thing that keeps popping into my head is... weird.
Weird indeed.
I don’t see what the problem with this is? Do y’all really think this is going to flood the rail trail at once destroying all hopes of social distancing.   This subreddit really is full of the most uptight people lately. People are allowed to go outside. People are allowed to take walks. People are allowed to take pictures. Chiiiiillllll
Just seems like a really poor implementation of time and place for something like this
It comes down to there being a time and place for this type of fundraiser. The time is not now and the place is not the rail trail.  Charlotte Five pushed it on Instagram after their whole opening paragraph about it being how there are concerns about people not social distancing.  Just a very contradictory thing when going out to take photos for a contest is not in any way essential or for exercise.
Going out by yourself to take a picture in no way shape or form violates social distancing.   You’re entitled to your feelings/opinion. I’m also entitled to believe your opinion sucks.
Have you been on the rail trail lately? I live next to it and it's been busier the past three weeks than any time in the previous year. It is not possible to stay 6 feet from others if you're on the rail trail right now.

The first eye operation after COVID-19


Charlotte woman tested positive for COVID-19 despite not having left her house in three weeks

Damn, that's bad luck.
Wow, this hits close to home. My wife is immunocompromised with autoimmune (and several other) disorders, hasn't left the house in 3 weeks, I do the shopping for the family, and have moved to a separate room. (Just like the family in the article.) We let Amazon packages sit unopened for 3 days to ensure they are not contaminated. My wife is so scared of getting COVID-19 because she knows it won't go well for her if she does. I live with the constant knowledge that if she gets it, it'll probably be from me, despite extreme hygine practices.
Pretty misleading title - she hasn't left the house but her husband has, and she conversed with someone who dropped off groceries. I think we're going to see that 6ft rule revised, that's still way too close.
I saw this story on the local news, and they explicitly say a person who delivered groceries to her tested positive for COVID-19.   The the reporter goes on to say the origin of her infection is unknown lmao
Remember to stay safe, and wash you hands!
I mean really.  Like how many cases are there in Meck.. like 1000 or something?  And you contact one person in 3 weeks who happens to be one of them?  Out of the million plus people who live here?  Those odds have to be something like 1 in 1000
Open your amazon boxes outside with gloves on. Spray down the contents with disinfectant if you have it. Put cardboard in trash. Anytime you leave the house change your clothes (ideally, in a garage) as soon as you get home, put worn clothes in a bag (Plastic or cloth. Whatever you have that you can either throw away or wash) and tie it/zip it/seal it somehow. Take your shoes off before entering your house. Before bringing your shoes inside disinfectant them, especially the soles. Anything that you brought outside with you (phone, wallet, keys, sunglasses) spray with disinfectant. Anything you bring into the house that you picked up while out, spray with disinfectant. For things that can’t be sprayed (flour/sugar)let them sit in a room that isn’t used often for at least 3 days. Longer would be better. An alternative would be to empty the contents into a sanitized storage container and dispose of the packing. As soon as you go inside throw your clothes in the washer and go directly to the shower. Throw away the bag you put your clothes in. If you have a cloth bag then just wash it with your clothes. Wash yourself starting with your hair, then face, then work your way down. Personally, I’ll wash my face, then hair, then face again. I’m an essential worker and these are the steps I’m taking to keep my family safe and my house as contaminant free as possible. I’ve also started putting my phone in a new zip lock bag every time I leave the house. I do not open the zip lock bag until I’m back home. I then sanitize my phone just in case. I’ve stopped using cash and I keep my drivers license, store cards, bank card in a zip lock bag also. Yes, I sanitize the cards as well. Stay safe. Oh and remember to disinfectant and sanitize your car. Outside and inside. I know it sounds like a lot but after a few times it becomes routine and it definitely helps to know you’re taking every precaution you can.
Six feet is fine for a moment or two in most cases.  It’s not fine for 10-15 minutes as a lot of people seem to think.
I didn't see where the story said she talked with the person that dropped off the groceries, but I agree with your sentiment that the 6' "rule" is probably pretty weak in practice because people are deeply flawed in the execution and interpretation of the "rule".  It also seems like people are completely ignoring or aren't as aware of surface transmission and are focusing solely on respiratory/aerosol transmission whether they are considering the actual mode of transmission or not and are fixated on this 6' physical separation as all that's needed to be protected.  If those groceries were contaminated by being handled by an infected person and placed at the door and the two never came within 50' of one another, it's all for naught if she then unpacks those groceries immediately after drop off then rubs her eyes, nose or mouth without taking any precautions in between to adequately break the chain of contact between those points of entry and the virus.   And that's assuming we know for a fact that the husband does not have it which I don't think we can do due to testing deficiencies and the light details in the story.  She's almost just as out there as he is if he isn't vigilant about cleaning.
Most likely came from that person since she tested positive.  I’d like to know exactly what kind of contact she had, how long they spoke, how far away they were. Poor woman though, unlucky that her friend happened to have it, it’s like final destination
Its in this story too.  That person likely left germs on the delivery
It’s gotta be her husband-  goes to the grocery store weekly. Probably an asymptomatic carrier.  Doesn’t matter if he isn’t sleeping in the same room- they’re touching all the same surfaces.
Only 1000 positive results, that doesn’t mean that more people don’t have it.  Those are only the ones they’ve tested who’ve come back positive.
more like 10,000 or more, South Carolina is reporting close to 1000 estimated cases just for York and Lancaster counties now.    edit* This page has zip code level data but running days behind testing results, which is we know is even further behind the virus.  https://scdhec.gov/infectious-diseases/viruses/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19/testing-sc-data-covid-19
Thanks, nice to pick up new tidbits to what I’m already doing.
It is about limiting exposure now.  This is a great write up
Do you do all these procedures when you have irrational sex?
..  not really.  If someone coughs your direction while you are even across the room from them you can still get the virus.  6 feet isnt really enough.
Guessing they didn’t disinfect the groceries, or disinfect them thoroughly enough
No, I have another set of guidelines I follow
Six feet isn’t perfectly safe.   But it does decrease the chances dramatically.
And then here's my wife telling me this morning that I don't need to disinfect the groceries anymore because [NPR](https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2020/04/12/832269202/no-you-dont-need-to-disinfect-your-groceries-but-here-s-to-shop-safely) said so. Don't disinfect the groceries, but in the same article it says to disinfect the cart. How fucking stupid is that? Are they not considering all the people that touch stuff and put it back? The cart they just touched is infectious, but not the rice krispies they just put down, according to the experts at NPR. Why can't people stop with this bullshit "you don't need to do _X_" (wear masks for example). This strange idea that the "smart" people are doing less. The misinformation is unbelievable.
Yea i agree with that
You are correct.  It’s about limiting exposure at this point.  Honestly what else do we have to do but wipe stuff down
Well, with all the people licking things right now I’m not trusting anything until I have disinfected it. I really don’t like the idea of playing Russian roulette with my groceries.
From what I've been reading the patterns of transmission aren't indicating a lot of people getting it from surfaces either. For example a lot of people who have it have shared a close space like a home or office with someone infected. Also if you think about it if it was spreading that easily on surfaces there would be way more cases than we're seeing.

4 more Amazon workers at Charlotte sites test positive for COVID-19

Wash ya hands after touching them packages y'all
I still don’t see how you can manage to keep these sites open under these conditions. I understand trying to maintain a service for your customers but eventually that won’t matter if your employees health is at risk.
Alarmists
Wash your package while you got the soap out
They don't give 2 shits about their employees. They're getting an unprecedented amount of orders. God knows Bezos can spare some ppe for the employees, otherwise I except a lot of walkouts and more positive cases.
Don’t forget to wash your box too.
The other day he walked through some service centers to show how much he supports his employees.
Thats right. Profits doesn’t give 2 shits about employees.
When is the last time you washed the soap dispenser? Tsk Tsk.
I work at whole foods, who adopts the same methods and I agree that I feel taken care of.  I'm thankful I can still work and that people are able to still buy groceries. We can't shut down everything.
That's actually great to hear. I don't know how all this will play out and eventually we'll have hindsight and may potentially regret some of the businesses that remained open. That being said, I really appreciate the effort others are making during this time so life can remain somewhat functional while we figure out next steps.  Stay safe
thank you for providing real information and not reactionary opinions from the 'this is all capitalisms fault' crowd
Im at a different building.  We're on '11 hour' shifts thats supposed to get out at 615-30, but I don't think we've ever stayed past 545, and I'm bored AF for a chunk of my shift on some days because its gotten so slow and theres no trucks coming in. I don't think it was ever this slow immediately following peak when activity dropped off the board.    We got updated to these weird thermal scanners today. Some stations that can't have 6 ft between them now have curtains separating them. Green miles have sidewalk cracks to keep everyone apart as they walk.    Other than that most of it matches what you say.
To the "Big Company Bad" parrots: While they have had issues and those issues aren't going away anytime soon, Amazon isn't stupid. If all of the employees are in the hospital it would make it really hard to do business. Thousands of people work for them and we have community spread of a very infectious virus. In any group of this size you will have people test positive and I bet way more have had Covid-19 in that facility than what has been confirmed.
Good to hear. More than others are doing for essential employees.
Just seems risky when it's people's lives, my gf's mother works there and she's in her 60s
Meanwhile Food Lion and Walmart are still having employees unbox stuff in the mdidle of the store side by side without any protection and talking to customers.
Then maybe she should go home.  Lots of people are dependent on those deliveries because sanitizing an amazon delivery is much safer than going to the store.
She has the option of not working without penalty.  If she doesn't work how is she able to pay her bills?
Something like that. Weird right?
I'm just down at 2, which is the IXD. We send stuff up to 4 and their ilk. Not sure I want to know how that massive place is dealing with it. We've got our own faults, but they're making an effort.

Rowing a half marathon live to raise money for local businesses suffering from COVID-19 Saturday @ 9am (3rd week)

Check out the FB link to get the gist. Jeremy Coffee (founder of non-profit Good Soles) has raised over $1000 combined from previous weeks.   This weeks donations go to Block Love Charlotte & Watchmen of the street-Habit Missions.   venmo @ Sierra_eliza to donate, click the link to watch & find previous weeks half-marathon rows.  Help spread the word!
This is pretty cool, that’s some intense rowing. Thanks for sharing.
Good luck man. I rowed 5k for time a few weeks ago. It sucked.
Like in your bathtub?
Thanks! I’m just trying to spread the word! It’s taken him about an hour and twenty minutes to finish so far without taking it too serious. Jeremy, the guy rowing the marathon, is always doing charitable fundraisers for the community

A generous life, shortened by Covid-19

How sad. He sounded like such a wonderful man. Sending love to the family 😢
[https://charlotteledger.substack.com/p/a-generous-life-shortened-by-covid](https://charlotteledger.substack.com/p/a-generous-life-shortened-by-covid)
"Ballantyne’s Bill Bauer — banker, Tar Heel, husband, father — developed a fever last month. His fight ended with his wife by his side."
So sad, sounds like an amazing man!
How unfortunate. May his family find peace.
May the Lord comfort the family and loved ones.
So sad
:(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(    :(
He's not the sole person to die from Covid. What makes him so special?
Thank you for sharing and putting a face to what is a number for many of us. It's hurts a lot more to read it, but it's so important to remember there is a human and a family left behind from all of this.  I hope he was able to hear his wife on the speakerphone during those last few days and I'm happy that she was able to be with him before they took him off the ventilator, but that must have been so painful. I hope that she is healthy and has family supporting her through this. If you are related please take care of yourself as well and don't be afraid to reach out if you need help.
I like your username. Should add “and going outside dude”.
You know the OTHER option available here is choosing not to be an asshole, right?
Maybe another way to convey your question woud be: What are some achievements by this person, seeing as he was a big community figure? Even if you don't agree with him having his own "tribute page" (or whatever), why're you jealous? Chill out, nothing so special about about you (or me, or anyone), either.
I hope you don't have a loved one pass, and then have to read something so callous about that loved one, while you are grieving their loss.  Please be a better human.
Some people aren't equipped with that option
Wow, hoping that someone's loved one passes is being an asshole. I just asked a fucking question, jeez.
They said I hope you don’t
Your two comments on this post are fucking awful.
Since when is asking a question "fucking awful"?

Need To Transfer Throughout COVID-19 Here Is What You Ought to Know


Need To Move During COVID-19 Here Is What You Should Know


Coronavirus: Anger is growing at China over COVID-19 and its apparent cover-up attempt | World News | Sky News

Agree with the article but what does this have to do with the 704 bruh?

Charlotte distilleries are making hand sanitizer to help during coronavirus pandemic

Will Unknown’s Hans sanitizer pressurize and explode like their beer cans?
That might be useful. Someone in the office tested positive? Shake a can, throw it in their office and close the door. Boom, instant full disinfection.

Doctor “You don’t know you hit the peak until you go down. You don’t know when you are your hottest until you turn ugly. Take Coronavirus seriously.”


Can mosquitos transmit coronavirus ?


Has anyone here that applied for employment due to coronavirus actually got approved?
It's been nearly 3 weeks since I've filed for unemployment due to coronavirus and have filed 2 weekly certificates but I'm still pending. I can't ahold of anyone on the phone because the machine hangs up on me and they aren't responding to my emails. What the hell am I supposed to do
Under normal conditions it generally takes a few weeks to get a response from unemployment, so I expect given the record level of unemployed people, it will be longer.
Title meant to say unemployment
My first check was deposited today. I applied two weeks ago on Tuesday. I did get something in the mail about social security number verification; it said I had 10 days to get it back to them. Check your mail and see if you need to verify too, you won’t receive anything until you do.
My pendings disappeared yesterday and I had my first deposit today and it was for both weeks.
I can't even get in.  Every time I try to sign in, I get an error.  I don't know if it's because it's that busy, or somewhere down the line I fucked up.  Anyone else just send up on a blank screen that says error on the top?
Any change in your status yet? Still pending for me since 3/15 and can’t ever get through on phone.
Thank you! I couldn't find anything about how long it normally takes so I had nothing to base this on. I got a letter today in the mail but it was just how much I got approved for and a sheet to write down all the places I've applied for
[Under normal conditions it generally takes a few weeks to get a response from unemployment, so I expect given the record level of unemployed people, it will be longer.](https://www.reddit.com/r/C_O_B_R_A/comments/ft38cc/rebbit/)
All I've gotten in the mail so far is the letter with the sheet to write down places I've applied to telling me to make an ncworks.gov account
How long was it pending for
Yeah, it went through a few days ago
Probably close to the full two weeks. Last Monday I think I verified my social security. Honestly have lost all sense of time lol. I was scared I hadn’t been approved or wouldn’t and luckily it went through.
Nice
What was the process to verify your social security? I don't recall if I've done that or not
They wanted me to either fax or mail a copy of my SS card, valid drivers license and a copy of the letter.
I'm pretty sure they haven't asked for that yet for me. Guess I'll just have to wait since I can't contact them
You may not have to do it. Just keep a positive mindset and hopefully you’ll be approved quickly!
I really hope so, I just had my car and mortgage payments deferred for 3 months but I still need the unemployment to help with utility bills

UPDATE: Coronavirus projections for NC; unemployment insurance; U.S. Corps of Engineers - Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/0w0kjvhbz8q41.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4df09fbfb5096b454cde0e4f3511b23fefd89802**CURRENT STATS (as of 4/1 at 2:00 p.m.)**1,600+ cases26,000+ tests completed200+ hospitalizations10 deathsNC has roughly 2,800 ventilators (more on the way) with 2,100 currently available&#x200B;[The bend at the top looks encouraging, but it may simply be because we only have half a day's worth of data right now.](https://preview.redd.it/01kr9cr1w8q41.png?width=1365&format=png&auto=webp&s=6c69823c07ed47bec57dae28835322ed6127c15a)**HOW BAD WILL THIS BE IN NC?**There’s a new estimate of how bad this is likely to get in NC and I want to share it with you - not because I’m certain it’s completely accurate, but because it’s the best effort that’s been made public and it gives us at least a sense of what we’re in for.&#x200B;[Source: Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation](https://preview.redd.it/ljzo1sr4w8q41.jpg?width=750&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=010b8fe49d363a36d214241ff914e033aa23c0dc)This is a chart of the expected demand for ICU beds in North Carolina and it basically says that if we keep doing what we’re doing - keep schools and non-essential businesses closed and keep our stay home order in place - then we’re going to hit peak infection in late April.The dotted line shows that we may be on course to exceed our ICU bed capacity (which is actually a little bit higher than this chart depicts - we've got about 800 currently available). But the shaded area is essentially the margin of error for the prediction, so we’ve got a wide range between not exceeding capacity and dramatically exceeding it - which would mean a spike in the mortality rate.What does this tell us? It tells us **we still have the time and ability** to minimize the loss of life in our state.To be blunt: We are not going to have widespread testing. There are lots of reasons for that - none of which have to do with our state and all of which have to do with the federal response - but it’s a reality. We’re still using tests and they're very important, but we're not going to test our way out of this like South Korea did. We just didn't get enough test kits fast enough.But - despite that major setback - it’s still possible to minimize the loss of life in our state by making sure we don’t max out the ICU beds. We just have to take social distancing very seriously for the next several weeks. In this model, OUR BEHAVIOR is the biggest variable. How seriously WE take this will ultimately determine the mortality rate.**Quick List*** We’ve only received 17% of the PPE that we requested from the federal government. That’s not good, and it’s why we’re sourcing from everywhere we can find and working with North Carolina manufacturers to switch production to PPE if at all possible.* The state’s unemployment insurance website and call center are still facing a nightmarish traffic jam as they get slammed with 50x the normal traffic, but we are adding servers and contracted with an additional call center to help field calls. If you’re having serious trouble, please fill out this customer contact form: [https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form](https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form).* Regarding the federal unemployment benefit that just passed, it will be administered by the state. We’re still waiting on implementation guidance from the federal Department of Labor, at which point benefits will be paid in about two weeks. Independent contractors and people who are self-employed will qualify for the federal benefit - they do not currently qualify for the state benefit. I know the state website isn’t set up to receive applications from people who are contractors or self-employed and that’s part of what we need to fix. If you fall into this category, just file the application as best you can.* Gov. Cooper’s new executive order means no one can shut off your electricity, gas, or water for at least the next 60 days.* The U.S. Corps of Engineers is helping us scout for places that could be used as hospital expansions.* We've launched a hotline to help critical workers connect with child care (888-600-1685).More updates soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thanks for the update. How many of the 26,000+ tests that have been completed are still awaiting test results? My uncle got tested on March 20 and still has not received his results (he was told to expect them by tomorrow). And yet my coworker was tested at the speedway late Monday morning and received her results late that same night. I'm curious as to how many tests are still backlogged.
Why is there no provision for business owners that are shut down because of the coronavirus to get unemployment or some sort of assistance?   The federal bailout doesn't do a lot for small businesses. It is more a bailout for medium-sized businesses and incredibly larger businesses.
I appreciate the updates, Senator.  Thanks for doing these and please continue doing so.  Stay safe, folks!
Can we open a dedicated tech support line for the unemployment office? My mom was locked out of her account trying to sign in & the website glitching. Only way to unlock is to call. We can’t get through. Three people calling for her, 100 or so times a day each, and we’ve never got to a menu let  alone a hold. We’re always disconnected.   She can’t certify (even by phone) if her account is locked. She’s lost out on two weeks of certifications at this point.
Why is my mom still being coerced to work in her government run office as an essential employee despite being immunocompromised and having the ability to work from home as others from her office are being allowed to do?
What is a realistic turn around time to get our unemployment claim approved? Should we even bother further tying up the phone lines or just wait?
Thank you for the updates.   Regarding unemployment... my wife was laid off on 3/24 and filed for unemployment the same day. She has not received any notice that she will be receiving benefits even though she qualifies and her coworkers that were laid off know their benefits. She still has a pending issue - “Lay off” - on her claimant homepage. Additionally, she received some correspondence that seemed to be saying she didn’t earn enough to qualify for unemployment? We checked the wages that were being used and it only had wages from Oct-Dec of 2019. We petitioned the wages shown and input all of her earning info from last year with her W2 and a pay stub to show her earnings so far from this year. But there has been zero additional correspondence or anything to indicate what to expect and we can’t get in touch with an actual human to better understand what is happening. This whole process has not been intuitive at all and we don’t know if we should be taking additional steps or just waiting or what.   I’m not sure if Sen. Jackson will be responding to questions, but if anybody else has any knowledge or input about this that would be wonderful...
It would make more sense to just approve all of the pending applications. People are going to starve over this.
I know some cities have utilized their convention centers as makeshift hospitals. Is that an option for us?
I know its impossible to estimate but would these projections imply that the quarantining should end around June-ish? I would rather be safe then sorry but as everyone else is, just curious how long this is going to last.
Thank God we have a Senator who seems to care, we just need to detach Florida from the US and we’ll be good to go.
I have a question regarding my unemployment claim, I don't know if anyone would be able to answer me but I like everyone else haven't been able to speak with anyone on the phone, understandably. When I applied, I was applying for reduced hours due to COVID19, now today I've been furloughed. Do I have to do anything to change my reason for filing unemployment? Does it matter?
Is there anything that salary employees can do if their pay was cut drastically due to the virus? I had to take a 30% pay cut during the quarantine but since I'm salary I technically haven't lost hours.
I’m an idiot and thought we just started May. Was excited to know we got thru the worst of it! Now I feel dumb and down
Thank you for the updates. Regarding unemployment, the website is glitching and we’re getting an error for submitting a simple revision on a form. It’s a website issue that can’t be fixed any time day or night. The only way to fix this is to call and two people calling 100+ times a day for a week, still not getting through. Is anyone getting through?   This is starting to feel like we’ve been set up to fail.
I will be furloughed without pay for 4 non consecutive weeks between now and June. I have been advised that I should apply for unemployment the first week of this, how does this work? I don't want to call and wait on hold when I won't have a need to do so for a couple of weeks when my first furlough week occurs.
Had there been any discussion of bypassing the federal government in an effort to aquire tests from other sources? It seems like there are a variety of different tests out there that while maybe not officially approved by the CDC, have been used elsewhere and can allow for much easier and faster testing.
Thanks for the updates Jeff, I still have a question about unemployment (that I know you may not be able to answer), for those of us who are impacted by the hiring freeze most companies, but had run out of the traditional UI benefits, is there any recourse for us or coverage under the new federal benefits?
Dumb question time.  If everyone is quarantined right now to make sure the hospitals aren’t over burdened, what’s going to happen when those hundreds of thousands come out and everyone starts mingling again? Won’t we see another outbreak?  And my heart goes out to all those that are trying to get unemployment right now, keep the faith everyone, things will get better.
Building on this question, are these projections taking into the account the pending results/the avg infection rate p/100? Because late April seems like it could be managed if it took those into account, but the tsunami could happen a week or two earlier if not.
26,000 is the completed test number.  Last I saw, there was still 6,000~ pending, but that might be lower now.
There are (maybe forgivable) loans available for small businesses. https://www.natlawreview.com/article/cares-act-how  read for more info
That's a nightmare - I'm really sorry. I'm talking to these folks every day. We have to fix this asap.
Same exact thing happen to my daughter.  She lost both jobs and is locked out of her account.She calls the number it literally says it’s a busy time, call back.  Help
Did she ask her Dr to make a request that she needs a reasonable accommodation to work from home ?
Actions like this by employers should be criminal in my mind.  I have so many friends who can work from home without any issue but their boss says they’re essential.    My friend have to risk their lives just to earn a honest living or risk losing a job in a bad job market.  They should be held on criminal charges and the company on civil penalties.  It’s despicable
I don't know. It's usually ten days. I'd go ahead and try.
Do it online. It doesn’t take very long if you can get through. Just be patient. I filed about two weeks ago and money wars deposited in my account today.
I completed mine on the 17th and was approved today, April 1. [There is another thread in the Charlotte subreddit about how long people have been waiting.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/frn3pm/how_long_has_it_taken_you_to_start_getting/)
I was laid off on 3/16 and immediately filed unemployment, literally just got out of “pending resolution” today, hopefully will be getting payment in a few days. I’m guessing they are so backlogged that it’s taking a while to respond and get things in order.
I don’t know if this will help your concern... I had the same pending issue. I typed up a formal letter, included W2 and paystubs, and the email my boss sent out when we had to officially close due to the coronavirus and I faxed them. A week later I got a payment. I honestly think they’re just trying to get to everyone’s applications. They were so bombarded. Also, they are still verifying the claims with the employers so it depends on how long her employer takes to respond. Make sure she keeps doing the weekly certifications and she will eventually receive payments for all weeks out of work. Good luck!
Yes.
It gets worse. Wait until you see the question about job hunting 😂
Based on your username, I would have taken you for the All In call you would have made by mistake. :)
The same thing happened to me. I get an html error on the "fact finding"portion.
My understanding is, they won't just flip it like a switch and suddenly say "okay, resume all regular activities now." Like you said, that could be very dangerous and likely cause the exact same issues we're fighting now.      Instead, they will gradually re-open things in "safe" ways. Maybe schools will stay closed, but bars and restaurants can re-open with new rules about how close they are allowed to have tables, and how to sanitize those tables between guests. "Non-essential" businesses will still be encouraged to allow WFH as much as possible, but can re-open as well. Groups of 4+ may be allowed to meet in social settings again, but large gatherings/events of 50+ may still be banned. Parks that were closed will re-open but certain sports courts (high-contact games especially) may stay closed. Stuff like that. It will still be recommended that you remain relatively low-key in your social actions- don't hold a big party, don't go to sporting events, no concerts allowed, and movie theaters will stay closed- but it won't be full-on isolation. You can go to the bar and grab a drink with a friend, or host your regular DND session/board game night in-person.      The other important thing to note is that, depending on how soon this stuff happens, at some point we might have to re-implement the current "stay-at-home" policies all over again to keep everyone safe. There's some data to suggest that COVID-19 \*could\* be seasonal (though this is still unknown). This means that things might improve over the summer (allowing us to reduce isolation policies), then explode again in the fall/winter. So we might get a temporary taste of normalcy for a few weeks, and then return to isolation around September to avoid another large outbreak.
Unfortunately most small businesses like mine don’t qualify for SBA loans.
Thank you!
It's impossible! We counted how many times the three of us called yesterday. 284. No call was longer then 1minute 30seconds before it was disconnected. I really hope they try and backdate for those of us locked out of the system.
I don't believe so. I will pass this idea to her and see if it helps.
So, yesterday we looked over her papers that they handed her to sign saying she was essential and apparently rescinding all previous "if you're x you may y." Of course, my mom is not a fool stating she would not sign due to the constant changes of how things would be done. She is setting up an appointment with her doctor to get documents stating her situation and to see what can be done from there.  Not sure what will come of this considering it's a state office and they're clearly backing themselves up in order for the profit to continue at the potential cost of people's lives. It's disgusting.
Do you have an anticipated timeline on your recieving communication from the DoL?
Do what online? I’ve already submitted a claim, but it says pending. I can’t get through on the phone, but just submitted the contact form on the website.
That has definitely helpful!! I will likely make that my task for tomorrow then.
Did you get a confirmation when you faxed them?
Didn't it say to answer yes to that question? I will say, though, I haven't gotten the link to appear on my portal to file my weekly certification. Mine only has the "go to homepage" and "benefits help" links, but I only completed my claim on Sunday.
I’m late to this but can you explain what your comment means. I couldn’t figure it out. But yes my username was created do to poker
That makes sense, thanks. Eventually we’re going to go into survival of the fittest mode, we can live like this again and again.  Quarantine the high risk people if needed after this is over.
These new ones are designed specifically for small businesses that are closed from the virus. The rules are different - - look into it :)
Do you have a good accountant? If you do then you should definitely talk to them about your options there - small businesses can generally benefit from the expanded benefits.
Not officially but I'd expect this week.
Mine took maybe 15/16 days to go through. I would panic every day because I had two pending charges under delayed payment. One fell off and the next day the other did and I saw an email saying I was not denied payment. Yesterday the last pending charge was removed and today I received payment.
I did not. But it was just a few days after that the pending issues on my account were gone.
I didn't see the part about answer yes. So I answered honestly . This whole thing is just a joke.
Yep. I think most people are starting to understand by now that this doesn't just "go away" because we quarantine for a few weeks, months, or even years. (And now the "Friends" theme song is stuck in my head.) Unfortunately, we're eventually going to have to face this thing and just let it rip through society- but that doesn't mean we can't be smart about it.      The hope is that we can get through this without overloading the hospitals and causing people to die due to a lack of resources, even though we have the ability to save them. Also, if we can slow down the spread enough, ideally most people can make it to the point where we have better treatment options (or even preventative medicine like a vaccine) before they ever even get the virus.
Already been denied, if you’re actually small good luck with anything.
How?
Good to know. I filed 3/17 and I still have a pending status. I already did a weekly cert. Not sure if it’s because I missed a week. I also have no idea if it’s necessary to do before the pending status is removed.
Yes the lay off/lack of work says pending still, but I applied 3/15 so is been over 2 weeks.
Yes, I had that and a pending separation pay as well.
I gotcha, I did some research on it because I’m also trying to help all my coworkers. Our practice is staying open but not all of us are essential, so I think almost all of us got furloughed this morning. It’s been frustrating to say the least. I was on hold for Chase for a combined eight hours on Monday to defer my car payment and I never even spoke to a person.
Just curious — do you mean you’ve been denied for a PPP loan?  Applications aren’t being accepted until 4/3 (Friday) for certain businesses or 4/10 for other businesses; is it possible that that was the basis for the rejection or did they give you a reason why your business wasn’t eligible?
I looked at your history and your work is STUNNING! Are you a solo worker/owner or do you have any hires? I will keep my eyes open for what help you could get...
On the plus side, when enough people get desperate that we can have viable protests, you've got plenty of chainmail to wear to it! I have no idea if that would make rubber bullets and police beatings better or worse, I assume you'd need some sort of padding under the armor.
I’ve had the same experience.
IIRC you can still file for the week I missed and yes, you will not get money for the week unless you file for it. You also do need to sign up on the ncworks website but don’t necessarily have to search for a job if you’re furloughed.
I'm just going to keep uploading my 20hr check stubs and maybe I'll get a couple of hundred bucks by Christmas
Oh well I wasn't going to get it for those two  weeks any way. I'll do the states requested lying since they're unable to sort their issues out. I ended up just writing them a letter and I'm going to continue to up load my check stubs for 12 weeks or whatever is. I've never been on the system and I have no idea how this crap works.  It's a total waste of taxpayer dollars and people are going to starve because of this. I'll just take out a loan if I start struggling financially
I did a disaster assistance loan through the SBA about two weeks ago with COVID as the reason.  A few days later got a denial letter, the day after that an email saying new options were available and they were looking at my application again.  Then a second denial letter.  Both reasons were that basically I was too small, I run my business out of a second bedroom and bring in about 50k a year.    &nbsp;    PPP isn't directly through the SBA so we'll see how that goes, sole proprietors are listed as eligible but I'm betting again there's going to be a high floor to be eligible.
Thanks and yeah, it's just me out of the second bedroom of my apartment.  Luckily the two month warning this was coming helped me get a lot prepared and some sales are still coming in so I probably have until early June to start making hard decisions.
Thank you! Yes, I did already sign up on that site. I also filled out my paperwork with proof of searching. Just to be on the safe side. But filing the weekly cert online was just the questions. Not sure if I need to upload the documents?
You have to upload your paystubs? It didn’t ask me for that, it auto-populated my employer info and my pay for the last four quarters.
Since PPP specifically does include sole proprietors and actually stages application dates (I think in recognition of the date that verifying sole proprietorships can be more time-consuming and therefore should be set apart), I hope you’re able to find some relief/support.  Stay optimistic, stay on top of the news, and keep trying.  Hang in there.
In the PPP new plan, I found this:   >For Sole Proprietors, Independent Contractors, and Self-Employed Individuals: The sum of payments of any compensation to or income of a sole proprietor or independent contractor that is a wage, commission, income, net earnings from self-employment, or similar compensation and that is in an amount that is not more than $100,000 in one year, as pro-rated for the covered period.  https://www.thf-cpa.com/2020/03/30/cares-act-small-business-relief/  The aren't taking applications until (I think) Friday for this one. Don't give up hope yet! And your chainmail is beautiful :)
Yes it's called your weekly certification. You basically have to apply for unemployment every week you're on it. Luckily my first two weeks on 1/2 hours I was good. But the way this is looking most folks are going to be looking at retroactive payments. Only the real diehard folks  are going to get it in 2 weeks.
Yeah, I knew you have to do that weekly, but when does the link show up? I've checked it every day to see if anything changes.
Yeah definitely do that. Don't leave them a excuse not to retro pay you. https://des.nc.gov/apply-unemployment/file-your-weekly-certification  There's the link.
Thank you, I've seen this but I don't have that link option on my portal page, so I can't complete the certification.
Yes, this I knew! I thought they were saying the same thing. I love my job and have had it communicated to me that I’ll still retain my position. I’m only furloughed, I knew I didn’t have to look for work.
Might be broken idk
What am I misinforming people about?
Oh whatever y'all can deal with that B.S. I'm going to just up load my check stubs and wait on the spending money from the feds. If I get something from NC it'll be a bonus. The majority of us are going to finance this furlough/layoff ourselves . I just feel for the folks that are actually counting on it.
System wasn't broken on the 17th. I'll say around the 22nd or shortly after. The whole "fact finding" portion of my application is unusable. Anyone whose getting anything. From NCDES should consider  themselves the exception and not the norm.

Doctor: "You Don't Know You're The Sexiest Until You're Ugly. That's like the Peak." Get Serious About Coronavirus.


How coronavirus changed crime in Charlotte for the month of March

I wonder why Tuesdays are such high crime days.
https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/468837a5-60f3-43fb-a84e-e133b937be07

Do you know anyone from North Carolina that's been laid off or unemployed due to the coronavirus? Please invite them to join this Facebook group called North Carolina Unemployed.

Just make sure to ban MLM pitches in it because the last thing anyone needs is those predators making things worse.

Meck county coronavirus data. Made using the daily updates from the county twitter account. NYT also has this data but it’s behind a paywall. The graphs look elementary because they are. It would be that simple for the county to provide digestible data.

Imagine if the bars were closed for St Patricks day and more offices were receptive to working from home at the onset.
Good work OP.  Just for reference if you drill in to [infection2020.com](https://infection2020.com) a little bit you can find this same data daily.  Not only for Mecklenburg county but for each county in the country, by state, and the nation.
Are these total cases or current cases? If it’s total then it’s starting to look linear and not exponential which should relate to a leveling off on the total number in hospitals (with some lag). I hope that’s the case!
Also worth keeping in mind that the guidelines for testing were changed to include testing only for those whose symptoms included shortness of breath, not people with milder symptoms like cough and fever alone. Likely, as it has been all along, our confirmed tested numbers are nowhere near representative of the actual numbers in the community.
All the data you want is here.   https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data
Like ive been saying , Mecklenburg and NC were on the ball. Sucks that lives were still lost and we are all bored as hell and a bit less productive WFH but happy to see its leveling off. Random question but now that damn near everything is closed , aren’t grocery stores the only “weak” point when it comes to social distancing?  Where else could a mass group of people possibly congregate other than grocery/home improvement stores ? I would hope idiots wouldnt throw parties this deep into a stay at home order lol
I live in Lee Co. in Alabama. Meck Co. has 10x the population, like 7x the cases, but still fewer deaths. Obviously still devastating, but your healthcare professionals are doing something right.  Edit: that death toll is for chambers & lee counties combined. Most of them come to EAMC in Lee Co, which is why I thought they were all Lee Co. residents, but all the other info still stands since Chambers only has a population of 33k.
Not really sure what you mean about the data being paywalled by the NYT. It's all available publicly on their[ Github page](https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data). That along with all their reporting on covid-19 is freely available.   Either way, thanks for the hard work putting together these graphs.
But all those customers need mulch, flowers, paint and window blinds from Lowe's!
Why the fuck cant I find hand sanitizer anywhere. As an essential employee It she be required companies have to provide us with a mask and hand sanitizer. I cant find neither of them anywhere.
We will be back by summer, calling it now (optimistic because no way the government keeps society shut down during summer, too much $$$ to be lost)
haha, they need a data analyst stat
They would have to pay someone an actual decent wage to do it though
700 infected, 7 deaths. 1% mortality rate which is on par with the flu. Not sure this warrants the shutdown.
Thanks for the work. Also keep in mind the varied time some of the testing centers take to complete the tests. We have some cases where there is a week or more for the results to report. We get very useful trending data(like is SD helping) when the Date of Test is used in the X axis. NCDHHS makes this available on their count site under the "Cases Over Time" tab.    [https://www.ncdhhs.gov/es/divisions/public-health/covid19/covid-19-nc-case-count](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/es/divisions/public-health/covid19/covid-19-nc-case-count)
I know! I’m thankful I’ve been working from home since the 12th. For me that means no light rail and not being in a crowded office uptown.   I just want people to see that staying at home is actually working for us.
Imagine if the U.S. Government would have been more open/honest with citizens and took things more serious earlier.   Right now it’s’Each State For Themselves’, which is a bad approach given there’s a number of states that do a poor job of just keeping their lights on.
Alternatively, imagine if the county had not closed, and waited for the state-level closure that came two weeks later.
......but bars were closed on St. Patrick's Day?
The bars WERE closed on st patties
Thanks! Someone just sent me this link, it has a ton of great info. I’d like to see our county report it themselves with that level of diligence and consistency.
Total cases. We did see our biggest increase yesterday, that’s the trend I’m going to pay attention to. All things considered though it’s looking like we may not ever see true sustained exponential growth in meck county.   That’s a tribute to the stay at home order working and also the fact that our restaurants and bars have been shut down for 3 full weeks now.
Could this be due to a linear relationship between testing? I cant imagine that testing can be increased exponentially.
I personally don't think that NC has hit their peak yet.
Our inability to test rapidly and efficiently nationwide deserves to be criticized heavily. It’s a complete failure that is costing lives and jobs. We *have* to get testing right, or we will be dealing with this for much longer than we should.
As a Mecklenburg county grocery store employee, I can confirm your question. Grocery stores are a weak link for social distancing.   Big box stores have started limiting number of customers allowed in the store at once, and social distancing the line outside to wait to get in.   But even though it has been monkey see monkey do with measures chains have adopted, such as the plexiglass cashier barriers, dots on the floor to tell customers where to stand, senior hours, etc., I just don’t see my company adopting this one.   I would like it, and it would make me feel safer. But at the Walmart I pass daily, since this rule started, they have had a sheriff’s deputy outside. Stores must pay their OT.  I feel they’ll resist this as long as possible at our stores.
We would all hope that, and yet, sadly, it's still happening.
War Eagle!
I actually tried to edit my title after posting because theNYT site just wasn’t working for me, it had nothing to do with a paywall issue. I found out by spending $4 and not having anything change haha.   Someone also mentioned the site infection2020.com which has a breakdown all the way down to a county basis.
I do not know. I got these numbers from the daily updates posted on the mecklenburg county twitter account. I’m not sure what they’re constituting a death from the virus at this point here locally.
Because there is a shortage...
If you intend to make this argument in the future I’m going to warn you that people are going to assume things about your intelligence that may not be true.  Just 8 days ago IHME forecasted 2,500 deaths in the state of NC by August 1. Now they’re forecasting 500.   Saving hundreds of lives in our city and state warrants the shut down, even if we will never truly know what would have happened if we hadn’t shut things down. We can look at the surrounding states in the south and get a pretty good idea though.
Spain, Italy, and France are all at 10% - this is what the shutdown (hopefully) helped avoid
Great point!   I definitely think the most useful trend to watch is the daily new cases trend. The NCDHHS has really great statewide information.
Good thing our esteemed Senator Burr knew the real risks and acted to notify his constituents early on.     Or at least those who were large donors.
Exactly. We could have been prepared at the federal level, we had teams of experts and plenty of time.  But 'fiscal responsibility' and Republican shortsightedness (or ineptitude?) pushed this from a threat to a potential disaster.
Imagine if China and the Wuhan Health Organization were more honest and open about the true nature of the virus back in December/January...
No.  They closed at 5pm that day.
But they were not closed the weekend prior, when most people celebrate, except for some that voluntarily closed.
NO they weren't.   EDIT:  Literally no idea why I'm being downvoted, I was at a bar and I had friends who went to the bars.
On patties day (march 17th) they were forced to close at 5pm, before that i.e march 14th and march 15th (saturday and sunday) they were not forced to close early. I was uptown that weekend driving around and there were patties day celebrators everywhere. I didnt know we had that many Irish people in Charlotte but that's another topic.
I think they are; the data I'm seeing on that site matches county-published info for both Mecklenburg and Gaston on these pages.   https://www.mecknc.gov/news/Pages/COVID-19-Data-as-of-April-4.aspx  https://cms3.revize.com/revize/gastoncounty/coronavirus/  But the county data feels less accessible. Meck has theirs written up in a paragraph, while Gaston has you adding numbers together (positive active + positive recovered + positive deaths).   All the numbers appear to be running totals.
Sorry I didn’t look at the bottom graph, I’m glad to see stay at home helping things. While yesterday’s number is bad it does look encouraging over the last two days. Hopefully we see this sustain and then drop off.
Looks like there might be a correlation with lower Sunday counts and heightened Monday counts
Definitely could be which is why deaths is probably a better metric, which also looks to be linear.
Yes and that’s why I would want to focus on daily new cases. Hypothetically if testing stayed static, you’d still see case growth because a higher percentage of people would test positive.
I think today ended up being the worst day so far in NC, so it does not appear to have peaked yet. Hopefully it will soon.
War Eagle!!
Yah distilleries around here arent taking action. Also the city isnt having the jails make anything.
That's the biggest issue I have with this situation. Numbers show that unless you're over 70 you're at the same risk of death as you would be any other year. Even those over 70 it isn't that drastic of a difference. More people die every single year from things like the flu, addiction, prescription drugs, etc but nobody bats an eye. This somehow shuts down our entire economy, costs us trillions, leaves millions out of work, and is increasing the suicide and domestic violence rates yet it's ok because "we never really will know how bad it could have been".  The response is disproportionate with the risk and if people want to assume I'm dim because they don't like the reality of the stats then so be it.
France, Spain, & Italy don't have adequate testing. Their sample size is more probable cases versus the US which has a broader sample.   The shutdown is a no lose situation for politicians and anybody else supporting it. Few deaths = see it worked. Lots of deaths = we should have done more. Nowhere will anyone say "maybe it wasn't that bad".  With that said, we should be shutting down hotspots like NYC.  If we would have done that approach then perhaps every podunk hospital and Karen wouldn't have bought up all the N95 masks, Purell, etc. We could have easily triaged hotspots without causing this national hysteria.
Do I care about millions of people losing their jobs, insurance, homes, etc over this...yeah I absolutely do. Do you want to tell them that they did everything right and them losing everything may or may not have actually saved a life?  To have the "if it saves one life" sort ofants is just lazy thinking. Clearly life is messy and always will be. Some people die because of addiction, the flu, car accidents, cancer, whatever but that doesn't mean we shut down the entire world.  Shutting the country down over 5-10k deaths doesn't make sense. The reaction isn't equal to the danger.
There are still people who think this is a hoax and not reacting. A lot of people.  The WHO could have shouted until they were blue in the face and we would not have reacted early.  The president said people who thought it was a big deal were staging a hoax as late as the end of February - well after anyone at all paying attention knew we had to react.  Maybe WHO could of announced earlier and saved a few days, but based on every single reaction since then, it would not have had a meaningful impact.
There may have been a few stragglers who stayed open until 5 PM, but I work in the industry and can assure you 95%+ of the bars were closed that day.
That was when the closure officially went into effect.  I can tell you the restaurant/bar where I work has been closed to all dine-in customers since the morning of the 17th.
I reached out to meck county on twitter and they said they update the data twice per week. Like you said, it’s also written up in paragraph form, which isn’t as easy to digest quickly.
I agree. To be honest I’m getting antsy at home, but seeing progress and a positive impact helps my mindset a ton.
Idk other states have had problems measuring deaths. In NY they just aren’t catching them all and it’ll take months to backdate. NJ death data has come in waves so it might say 180 one day, but that actually includes a older ones that just got their test results.
It’s not that people don’t like the reality of the stats. It’s that you’re attributing the reality of the stats to the wrong thing.  There was no good option here though. Choosing between overwhelmed hospitals (and in turn, a higher death rate) and the things you listed above (costs, unemployment, suicide rates) is not an enviable choice to have to make. Also, those over 70 in NC are being hospitalized at a 50% rate. That is definitely a drastic difference.  To your point though, I wish we attacked addiction and mental health with the ferocity that we’re attacking this. The problem is we don’t because of the costs. Somewhere along the line we decided that losing thousands to overdoses and suicide annually was fine because the alternative was too expensive or hard. That’s complete bullshit to me.  And for the record, I don’t think you’re stupid. But a lot of people will be much quicker to associate one of your opinions with the rest, as unfair as that is.
Let’s see in a few weeks how states that refused to shut things down look in comparison to NC
I know my two main hangouts in Waxhaw both went till exactly 5pm, because I tried doing takeout from Mary O'Neill's and could barely get in the door.  Dreamchasers wasn't nearly as busy when I filled my growlers, but they still had people.     But hey, whatever.  I'll take my downvotes because not everything closed after they shut the doors on the 16th, and the Irish bar I know was packed to the gills
Sorry, I meant the weekend before St Patties when they were doing the crawl.
I'm beginning to reach a level of acceptance about staying at home.  Yeah, it's really boring and I miss a lot of people and things, but never again in my life will I get to be this lazy and have it be socially acceptable.  I'm working to embrace that.  I only wish I wasn't getting even more fat in the process.
Idk either, just trying my best to make sense of it. There are definitely potential issues with it, I think it seems like it should be the best metric with the obvious issue that there is a lag from contracting to dying.
Thanks, and I appreciate the civil discussion. What's also bothering me about this is how their associating people in hospitals with covid as the same as people in hospitals because of covid. Same goes for deaths. If you look at the CDC guidelines for covid you'll see that even if there is a possibility that covid contributed to the death then mark it as covid. That's deceptive practices that most people won't give a second thought to.
That's fair. I still don't see us having anywhere near the catastrophic numbers they were talking about. Especially when you consider thousands of pneumonia deaths are being attributed to covid. Big difference of dying with covid bs dying from covid
Lol. Well with such a well thought out and mature rebuttal like that how can I disagree.
Well that's really sad.  Sorry you're being downvoted, those places are pretty irresponsible.
Don’t wish it, try and do something about it. Even just going on a couple daily walks will help. Come out the other side of quarantine in better shape!
Definitely not faulting you! This is incredibly hard to track, some people just overreact to the numbers (like assuming it’s peaked when it hasn’t.)
Civil discussion is the most productive kind, even if we may disagree.   I actually just watched the batsoup task force briefing at the White House today where the lady Dr touched on this exact point. I’m not sure where my thoughts stand on this. If you’re in the hospital because of covid and you pass away because of complications caused by a problem you already had, which was exasperated by covid, I tend to lean towards attributing that death to covid. I don’t work in healthcare though so my opinion on this exact topic is admittedly uneducated at best.
It’s all fake internet points anyway.  apprec it though.
My mother is extremely sick. Full on metabolic syndrome. She's in the hospital every winter for bronchitis and get sick extremely easily. That's what happen when you smoke four packs a day for 40 years.   She's more than likely going to catch covid and it'll be it for her. That reality sucks, but I can't blame covid. Morbid obesity, smoking, poor diet, et cetera is what killed her. I feel as if she'll be politicized by this if she passes when obesity, smoking, and poor diet will kill so many more.   Just my $.02 though. I can see it the other way.
Yea I understand. I’m really sorry about your mom- I know this has to be an anxiety inducing situation.   I really hope this pushes a lot of people to make significant lifestyle changes.

Today's coronavirus numbers seem odd
So today we added 351 new cases, however there were only 356 total new tests, which means only 5 were negative. Is this due to stricter testing criteria? Or are some counties not reporting negatives anymore? Just seems odd, we’ve been holding about a 5/6% positive rate, so a 98% positive rate just seems really out of place.
The 351 positive results over multiple testing dates and 356 new tests in general I believe. Many labs take up to a week(rare cases more than that) to process tests.    [https://www.ncdhhs.gov/es/divisions/public-health/covid19/covid-19-nc-case-count#cases-over-time](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/es/divisions/public-health/covid19/covid-19-nc-case-count#cases-over-time)
Private testing does not need to report negitive results.
It could be a delay of positive results from tests anytime in the past few days
https://covidtracking.com/data/state/north-carolina
Well if you post the total tests done... and the ones confirmed positive....
I'm not sure what they (private testing labs) choose to report but they only have to report positive results. Not total administered or negitive results.  Public tests have to report totals.
That seems ... dumb

A coronavirus treatment regimen already exists. Get rid of the restrictions


Mecklenburg County Coronavirus Data Trends as of 4/14

Trying not to be too optimistic, but it looks like the curve is flattening somewhat...
The social distancing measures definitely seem to be working. I think the bigger question is, what’s the long term strategy? Isn’t it likely a second wave of infections would occur if we start to open up again? Seems like social distancing measures, wearing masks, ramping up testing, and increasing medical supplies has to be the strategy until a vaccine is made. But how do we open up the city again without increasing infections again? We’ve bought time which is good, now I’m curious what the next steps/few months might look like.
That does look promising but I worry we simply aren't testing enough to know realistic numbers.
I think now we should be receiving communication from our government leaders saying "What we are seeing is good and we really like the trend that is showing. If we all continue to band together we should be able to get through this sooner rather than later" Instead we are getting "I know it looks good but this second wave is going to be bad!"  Our own government said that if we lift the restrictions on April 30th we are going to get 750,000 cases  >To put the findings in context, the models’ composite estimates indicate that approximately 750,000 people in North Carolina may be infected with the virus by the end of our forecast period, June 1, 2020 [Source](https://files.nc.gov/ncdhhs/documents/files/covid-19/NC-Covid-Brief-1-4-6-20.pdf)  That was reported about 7 days ago when we had \~3250 cases in NC. That means these people think we could get 11,668 new cases per day from April 7th to June 10th. To put it in perspective, our highest ever total of new cases per day in NC is under 500. [Source](https://preview.redd.it/9eeffeuwh8s41.jpg?width=853&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=517178aafef7fc93222154ab78b8f5228ed7bf4c)  The best case scenario that this report said is 250,000 cases if we extend the stay at home order by June 10th. That's 3855 cases per day.  (since that report came out, 7 days ago, we have added a total of \~1,630 cases)  It's also fairly naive to think that March was the first case of COVID-19 in NC. This virus has been around in the US for months and (my opinion follows) the vast majority of people who are going to get it already have had it. A significant amount of people that have had it didn't even get tested for the regular flu because it wasn't a big deal and they didn't know COVID-19 was a thing.  Staying home is working, flattening the curve is working/has worked. We should definitely monitor the situation over the next few weeks, but don't buy into the panic. The numbers we are being told are ridiculous. Let's keep banding together and we'll get to go back to our favorite brewery this soon.
One thing to note is that the growth rate may have spiked between Sunday and today due to it being Easter, and a Sunday. I'm sure this will smooth out more the next couple days
Thanks for a clear representation of data!
It's all about how the population (us) behave. I am very surprise by how low are those numbers, At this point there is no doubt that It is a very aggressive virus and if it get out of control deaths rise and hospitals capacity limits get reach. So either we are doing a good job, and we can't stop doing it until cases are 0 for at least a week and keep monitoring or a lot of people don't even bother going to the hospital, die at home and not being reported and counted.
How much of the flattening do you think is attributed to delayed test results?
These numbers don't really mean much since not many people are getting tested. Even if we completely flatten the curve we can't go back to normal or another curve will come, at least until there is a vaccine. I've noticed fewer people social distancing lately and my guess is people think this is close to over so everyone is starting to relax.
This graph looks very promising about us being close to the end of this.
Sorry this was posted on wrong thread. Meant to post on thread where couple was giving grief to Healthcare worker in Costco line
Optimism is okay. It's okay to get excited about perceived improvements in the situation.
It’s encouraging to see for sure. I’m just worried we’re not testing enough
Agreed, but I feel like people are also getting testy. Had to go to the Indian grocery store and there were as many as normal, if not more, people up 16 and 485
The curve has really been quite flat since the stay at home orders went into place in late March.
As Jeff Jackson sort of alluded to in his post the other day, the sort of plan is to use this time to do the kind of prep that we didn't do in the beginning. Get lots of ppe and testing capacity, get a field hospital set up, be ready to test and trace like crazy and quarantine on a more selective level, because yes, as soon as we or any other place starts opening up infections will spike again. The report from imperial college london talked about series of lock downs and openings over an 18 month period. In Charlotte we likely wont be nearly as bad off as some of the projections in that report but I think we will go through a similar pattern
We're really only seeing people who are sick enough to warrant testing and had an underlying comorbidity. We'll never have information on those who were essentially asymptomatic.
We aren’t. We unfortunately probably never will know the realistic numbers. If I could get my hands on the county specific testing numbers I could paint a much better picture.
I think the trend is good regardless of if the numbers are deflated, if that's making sense.
Even if we’re not getting all the cases, we’re essentially getting a random sample of the population. The trend is real.
Testing more would ultimately show more cases but also reduce the mortality rate. Hospitals are focused on classifying anyone who could have potentially died with/from COVID as a COVID death so I doubt we are missing many there.
While we may not know the true spread of the virus in any accurate sense at this point, we do have a relatively accurate count of the outcomes and we are seeing those numbers flattening.  We do need to add antibody testing which will help us understand how deadly the disease is and how infectious it may be. Those numbers a huge for policy making decision as they allow us to more accurately estimate the prevailing risk.  Edit: I don't usually ask why I am being downvoted, but can any one share with me what you feel is not valuable about my comment?
The US has tested more than any other country.   You cant keep saying "we dont test enough" because we are testing more than anyone and continuing to pump out more tests.  The good news is that the Trump administrations actions appear to have reduced the spread of the disease to a fraction of the lowest possible projection put out by everyone.  Either Trump is a miracle worker or these "experts" and their models were completely wrong.
This is so well said.  I’m not a doctor or a medical professional in any way. But the predictions for a second wave are just as shaky as the predictions for this first wave were. We have no clue what’s going to happen. We can guess, but it’s barely even an educated guess at this point.   My motto has been stay low and keep your feet moving. The end comes when it comes. Until then, keep your head down and do your part.
Best post in the thread - the model developed by the NC group projecting anywhere from 250k - 750k seems crazy.   It's also strange how much the conversation has shifted from not wanting to overwhelm our healthcare system to not really mentioning it anymore since we seem to be turning our hospitals into ghost towns with the cancellation of elective procedures. Hospitals are going to be losing money and laying people off if we keep them empty waiting for waves of the virus.
I’ve actually picked up on a regularly scheduled Sunday dip that’s applied every Sunday but Easter. Here’s the growth rate on the past 4 Sundays compared with the Saturday and Mondays surrounding them:  3/21 Saturday: 64% 3/22 Sunday: 8% 3/23 Monday: 35%  3/28: 16% 3/29: 11% 3/30: 14%  4/4: 8% 4/5: 2% 4/6: 11%  4/11: 2% 4/12: 2% 4/13: 2%  That was part of why I felt doing a trailing 7 day growth rate average was a good idea. it covers an entire week and would/should smooth out any day to day logistical trends
That spike won't show up in testing for another week.
I don't think cases are going to be zero for a long time. We're not going to eradicate it, and even with a vaccine (likely a year away at least), people still get sick. I think it just depends on what the strategy is to go forward. Do you open up, advise people to ramp up  hygiene, wear masks, etc? Limit the amount of large gatherings like concerts / sports? Can you even open up breweries that have thousands of people pass through a day?
That’s a good question. I’ve been tracking for a couple weeks now and I don’t know that delayed test results have an impact.   People bring up testing (or lack thereof) and delayed test results frequently. My thoughts on those are that the only way testing is going to have an impact on the accuracy of the trends is if we’re doing less tests every day. Unfortunately I can’t see those numbers, but from what I’ve seen on Jeff Jackson’s posts I think it’s safe to assume we’re *at least* doing the same amount of tests every 7 days, and we’re actually probably increasing test numbers.   The other thought I have is that while we will never know exactly how many people are infected, I’m not sure we need to. Our testing parameters are strict, but if the positive results are declining it means less people are meeting those parameters, which is a good thing. When you look worldwide (which is a shaky way to extrapolate trends), you see the numbers on the percent of severe cases. So if less people are meeting the severity parameters you could safely assume that less people are also infected.  It’s hard to draw confident conclusions from the trends and the data we have. But unfortunately it’s all we have so might as well keep track of it.
Do you have access to testing numbers that you could share? I don’t think that the number of tests is decreasing every day, do you?
Even if people aren't getting tested it still gives a good example. You don't need every person with a symptom to get tested to understand how the population is handling the virus.
I want to have that hope.. but in reality even if NC flattens it, it just takes a traveler from a hot zone who has it.. People will still have to take precautions for a good while
>  us being close to the end of this.  We're only in the beginning.  Like, preface of the book.  The last page is 24 months out.
Agreed. I just worry about everyone getting lulled into a false sense of security about this whole thing and go back to ignoring social distancing and stay at home orders.
Yeah we definitely are not testing enough but I've always felt that's a positive thing in terms of numbers. Lots of folks aren't sick enough to get tested or have no idea at all, that would skew the numbers downward. However, I have no expertise in this field. Just something I tell myself when I start to freak out.
If you want to lower social distancing standards, you need to have readily available testing for everyone or you just risk a 2nd wave.  That said, the death rate is a reasonable proxy for infection rate (although certainly lagged a bit) and it has been pretty flat as well at about 1/day through April.
Makes sense. Seems like the shutdowns have bought us time to ramp up our needs for capacity and medical supplies. The more I’m reading and hearing from medical experts, it does seem like social distancing practices and wearing masks will be a must for some time. Going to the grocery store yesterday, every employee at Trader Joe’s was wearing one and most customers were. It has to become more normalized once we slowly open up again, not sure how else we can move forward without widespread mask wearing. Hopefully that trend will continue, it does help. Still wild to me the govt was stating masks didn’t help at one point.
Not as a percentage of the population. We still having some catching up to do and we should have been testing on a wider scale much earlier:   https://ourworldindata.org/covid-testing
Very true.  I have a coworker back in Chicago area that just had a new baby last Friday, and he said the hospital there was pretty much deserted.  Turning away elective procedures that might lead to someones death to hold beds for cases that may never materialize is not good public policy.
I've been following the different statements by media outlets and everything else fairly closely over the last few months and it's crazy to see the change in it. That's why the cynic in me is saying that we aren't getting any optimistic statements from politicians because they have spent so much time trashing how the federal government is handling this and declaring "[2.2 million deaths in the US!](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/media/imperial-college/medicine/sph/ide/gida-fellowships/Imperial-College-COVID19-NPI-modelling-16-03-2020.pdf)" and "it will last well into the fourth quarter this year!" that they won't even acknowledge that we might be starting on the down slope soon.   Maybe I'm wrong...but with the current political climate I don't necessarily think I am
Probably accurate data dip (but not real dip) because testing results aren’t generally delivered Sundays. 7 day average is a decent compromise, though a shorter average might be okay if it’s largely a Sunday issue. Maybe try out a 3 day average to smooth out this but quicker to pick up trends quicker?  Nice work though.
I am not sure of the testing numbers, though you wouldn't even need testing numbers. With such strict criteria to even get tested most people can't get tested. Most people infected with COVID will have minor symptoms so most people cant get officially tested and counted. Most models and information is off of poor data because of this.
yea but with so much still unsure with how the virus behaves, not having the full picture makes it tough to make sound policy decisions.
Oh I’m not expecting this trend to mean precautions are lifted next week or something, just that this graph makes me feel good about Mecklenburg county specifically doing a pretty decent job of flattening the curve.
Of total vaccine? Sure. But we can absolutely see us get to a level where community spread has ended and we can begin using testing/isolation to control future spread should the trend of approaching the peak we see from this data continue.
That's kind of inevitable. The whole point of social distancing isn't to stop people from getting sick. It's meant to slow the rate of infection so we're not all sick at the same time. One way or the other we're all going to be exposed. Even in China where they relaxed strict quarantine, they're starting to see another wave pop up.
I'm guessing people who aren't being assholes will continue to not be assholes. Those who are, will continue to be assholes. Last night there was a posse of like 15 high school kids just milling about in the HT parking lot across from South Point High School. Their parents probably don't care and are just happy they're not in the house bothering them.
Well the curve is flattening because of the social distancing/stay at home. So you should be excited that the thing people are doing to help is helping.
> false sense of security  I'm really worried about when businesses start calling people back in.  We've done what was needed to slow the infection rate and let hospitals prepare.  But I still don't see a long-term solution (vaccine) or widespread testing and PPE available.  If that's the case, we can't possibly go back to 100% normal life.  There will have to be half-measures in place for many months to come...
My wife and I were standing in line at a sams club over the weekend. We were perfectly fine with waiting, she works for healthcare and we missed the early time dedicated to them. So while we were waiting, there were two ppl behind us complaining that healthcare workers shouldn’t be allowed to skip anyone, they don’t do shit anyways blah blah blah. My wife and I just let them go on their rant. Aside from them bashing my wife’s career field and how she’s busting her ass to help save ppl. These two behind us completely believe that testing is a way for the government to track ppl and that they refuse to get tested because of that reason. They weren’t wearing any masks. It’s ppl like them, that will get this virus and not give two shits who they spread it to. It blows my mind that ppl literally think like this!
Yeah having antibody testing readily available is key here.
"readily available vaccines"  Releasing social distancing standards will allow the disease to spread faster. The testing situation is so far from ideal right now that a positive result is several days behind the onset of symptoms, in only a fraction of probable patients. I think that an unlimited supply of 5-min tests would only lead back to quarantine, due to the vast number of carriers we'd identify. That sounds pessimistic, and I'd love to have someone shed a positive light on it for me.
If you are looking at total cases, then obviously that won't be "flat" until there are 0 new cases.  You want to be looking at new cases and that has been pretty flat, although certainly with a few spikes, since late March. Early on you saw more new cases each day than the previous which leads to that exponential growth pattern which  you want to avoid. We are pretty clearly no longer in and have instead moved to more of a steady linear growth in cases and possibly even a reduction of new cases if the recent trend holds up.  Obviously, testing plays a big part in identifying cases. If you only have 200 tests/day then that limits the amount of growth in new cases that will be reported, but the death rate has been pretty flat as well at about 1/day and that doesn't really care if you have been tested or not (unless people are being misdiagnosed for COD and not being listed as a COVID death).
>Makes sense. Seems like the shutdowns have bought us time to ramp up our needs for capacity and medical supplies.  This is really the main benefit. In the end, the total number of cases is likely to be pretty similar in the absence of a vaccine, but the hope is that you are able to treat the worst cases without the medical system being overwhelmed which then reduces the toll of the infection.
i think initially it was due to first line personnel needing them more urgently; if they get sick we are way more screwed than if some stay at home tech worker gets sick.   there are conflicting studies on the efficacy of non-N95 masks. It seems they are most effective at protecting others from you if you are asymptomatic, they dont necessarily protect the wearer all that much.
oh yeah lots of people who dont think its an issue to begin with, yikes. We should be in a much better position in August though.
I will be shocked if the DNC and RNC actually still hold big arena conventions at this point. Seriously, they're rhetorical. This could all be done online if they weren't so bent on drawling *"We, the great Commonwealth of Blahblah, proudly offer our guns and our star-spangled foam hats and our delegates behind the President of These United States of America, so help us Gawd, Mister Donald Trump"*. That two minutes of theater is the only reason for Rhode Island to send all seven of its Republicans here in the first place. And you just know one of them would go home sick and infect all fifteen Democrats in Rhode Island. Then there'd be all this "voter fraud" nonsense...
Wow....You're retarded
Isn’t the definition of elective procedures that they aren’t life or death though?
It’s a good idea to try different average periods. I could put a few side by side and see which is the least volatile. Thanks for getting me to think outside the box a little, I’m always looking for different ways to analyze this data.
Models are definitely off of poor data. There’s essentially no point in modeling based on the info we have.   But, I’d say that if testing is so strict, wouldn’t a decline in numbers mean we’re seeing a decline in people with symptoms bad enough to get tested? Also, if testing is remaining static every day, wouldn’t that mean that we’re seeing a lowering percentage of positive results?
yeah they are for sure, I only recently moved to the area from California.. definitely glad I'm not there lol
We’re definitely not close to the end of this in any way whatsoever, but if we can flatten the curve and implement screening, testing, tracing, and quarantining then we might have a chance to at least start opening up the economy again.
Even that is still a long way away.  If you want to look at what Apple and Google are doing on contact tracing that is mid-May at the earliest.  And then you have to get people to install the apps.  I'm still putting my money on July before we get back to any sort of "normalicy".  And 24 months or more (based on how the human clinical trials progress - 3 are being tested now) before we go back to "how it used to be".
Yep, it's true. With less than 1% of the population infected we're probably not going to get anything near herd immunity so the only hope is a vaccine right now.
Fair point. I feel like if this goes on long enough they'll just have to make the message "stop being assholes."
I went to Walmart yesterday and it was nerve wracking. I had on gloves and a mask, but the amount of people that didn’t was shocking. Not to mention the amount of people that were in very close contact with each other. They have these stupid stickers on the floor where 6ft is in the deli, pharmacy and checkout, but the rest of the store is whatever goes.
There you have it
NC is overdue for a wave of this. There are far too many people packing into places like Walmart, Home Depot, etc. teenagers are just doing whatever because their parents don’t want to deal with them and even on FB, I still see groups of people just having makeshift  house parties
We have to get widespread testing to get back to normal. We have to get to a point where it’s as easy to get a covid test as it is to get a flu test.
It isn't that they are putting themselves at risk that bothers me- I'm fine with them weeding themselves out of the population.    But, the fact that other people will be impacted by their negligence really irks me.
30% of the country believes corona virus is man made according to a recent survey. Science literacy is just dead in this country replaced by superstition and conspiracies.
Ugh... Was just talking about such people last night. It's a shame and somewhat astounding to witness such a degree of ignorance and paranoia In person. 🤦‍♂️
The optimistic side of me agrees with you there, that it was the governments way of basically saying, the medical professionals need these, not you so don’t hoard them. But they were deceptive about that. They said masks weren’t necessary, now they say you should wear them if you go anywhere in public. We know they work, why didn’t they just say it in that way? Find that interesting is all...   Yeah the studies seem to suggest that wearing the non N95 masks are not as effective in preventing you from getting it. But if everyone wears them, it stops the spread for sure. It also prevents you from touching your face, spreading droplets etc. From what I’ve been seeing and reading, it seems like that has to be part of the strategy long term here. Normalize wearing them, if everyone does, it should help slow the spread (in theory).
The position may not be much better.   There still won't be a vaccine.  There will be a lot of national and international bigwigs attending, many of them older.  A lot of the convention is meetings and hand shaking.  It sounds like a recipe for disaster
No, it just generally means one planned in advance vs emergency. Think someone getting a pacemaker installed. Something maybe can be put off, but no guarantee at least some won’t die by waiting.   Don’t get me wrong, if the choice is emergency Covid- 19 patient vs pacemaker patient, former all day. But if it’s pacemaker patient vs empty bed because someone overestimated the need for emergency beds, that’s a poor choice. See a real life example: https://www.bigcountryhomepage.com/bigcountryhomepage/abilene-residents-brain-surgery-postponed-by-texas-hospital-one-of-many-cases-falling-under-elective-surgery-category
Everything you're saying is correct.   NC is at a ~7.5% success rate in testing. Meaning of the people we think are sick we are only right 7.5% of the time. I'm not sure how more testing is going to help that? Because we have concrete numbers of deaths (if we aren't just attributing all flu-type deaths to COVID-19) and even those rates are decreasing across the country.   Everyone crying for most testing has yet to give any criteria to measure the success of testing on. Until we can reliably test if someone has had it and recovered we'll never know the full scope. More testing won't necessarily help us in its current form
Per capita California was wayyyyy fewer cases and deaths than North Carolina
I think Neel Kashkari, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis president, painted a pretty clear picture of what's about to happen over the next 12-18 months (at least short of a healthcare miracle with a vaccine in production sooner).  [Short summary](https://www.businessinsider.com/feds-kashkari-us-months-rolling-coronavirus-shutdowns-economy-recovery-shape-2020-4)
My wife and I have decidedly avoided Walmart during this pandemic. Sometimes, ya gotta go to Walmart, but we seem to always find what we need elsewhere.
Before or concurrent to anti-body testing to possibly begin moving toward a new normal, what if NC’s reported + cases to date are relatively low simply due to limited, perhaps inadequate, testing? Consequently, documentation of direct or related COVID19 deaths may be lower than the actual #. Not on a mainland China nor Iran scale, but potentially underreported simply due to no or low testing per capita?
Absolutely! They don’t care who else they effect
The issue isn't science, its the government. people don't trust the government (and rightfully so).
Just be cautious with your own sense of science.  Science can say it's highly unlikely to be manmade, it cannot completely rule it out.  I've done the research and read the articles myself.  I personally do not believe it to be manmade myself, but it seems more like "unlikely by a preponderance of the evidence" (civil guilty/innocent), than "unlikely beyond a shadow of a doubt" (criminal).  So while thinking it is manmade with 100% likelihood is definitely bad, thinking it with 0% likelihood is also not scientifically supported.  Edit: For those that seem to be downvoting this, have you read the actual study?  For reference the actual study: [https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-020-0820-9](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-020-0820-9)   Note wording like " This is strong evidence that SARS-CoV-2 is not the product of purposeful manipulation ".    Second, how much of this study has even been 100% peer reviewed by other scientists.  So far, this is the work of 1 single study, yet it's being quoted across the board as 100% proof that it could not be man made.    I'm not posting this in any way in support of those that do think it's man made, and have already stated I believe science strongly supports it not being man made.  But taking the results of a single study (that I've found) that "strongly suggests" it evolved in the wild and trying to twist it as the 100% definitive proof it was not man made is largely as dangerous thinking as the alternative.
> They should be denied treatment if they get ill  Should the same be true of HIV/AIDS patients?
Gotcha, thanks I genuinely didn’t know the difference/risks
Where I lived.. 9000 confirmed.. lets not forget not everyone is getting tested. Where I lived had a lot of ghetto and a lot of homeless, as well as crowds of people still grouping around. No thanks.
I don’t really think per capita matters with coronavirus. The larger the number of cases the greater the chances of spread, irrespective of case count relative to total population.
Pfizer in partnership with a German pharma company ( BioNTech ) think they can have a vaccine in mass production by the end of 2020.  12-18 months is a typical timeframe for something like a measles, serious but doesn't kill massive amounts of people.  This situation is closer to an Ebola vaccine, and one of those was gotten to market for Africa in 9 months.  Also, while this may be a "novel" coronavirus, there have been lots of vaccine development on other coronaviruses so lots of good work to build on that has already sped development.  And this isn't even the only Pharma company with something fast tracked, just the most concrete right now.  Sources:   [https://www.biopharma-reporter.com/Article/2020/04/14/Pfizer-and-BioNTech-work-on-coronavirus-vaccine](https://www.biopharma-reporter.com/Article/2020/04/14/Pfizer-and-BioNTech-work-on-coronavirus-vaccine)    [https://nypost.com/2020/04/09/pfizer-working-on-promising-coronavirus-treatment-vaccine/](https://nypost.com/2020/04/09/pfizer-working-on-promising-coronavirus-treatment-vaccine/)
From what I know we have enough tests in NC to accurately count deaths, just not test everyone who doesn’t meet certain parameters.  I’m completely failing to understand how we still can’t even get close to matchingthe supply to demand
Sorry to be “that guy,” but we have a case of *effect* vs. *affect* here.  The latter is the one that goes here.  If you *affect* someone, you have an *effect* on them.  Maybe that can help you keep them straight.  Carry on!
Nah it's science. Climate change denial, anti vaxxers, flat earthers it's all flat rejections of proven science. Distrust of government plays into some of it, but the decades of anti intellectualism in this country, our terrible education system and so much religious fundamentalism have created a distrust and misunderstanding of science.
No
Population and infection rate are you important numbers for something like this.  With If you are doubling cases every 3 days it doesn't matter if you are 1/4 total infected as your neighbor if you will be at that same number in a week.  Population is important because it bounds your infection. Worse case scenario, infections accelerate upward until you infect half the population then accelerate downward until the last person is infected.    Quarantine is an attempt to artificially lower the population and social distancing is to lower the infection rate.
So then why would Covid-19 folks be any different?  Ignorant or not, both diseases can be passed without knowing you have it.  Granted, there's an extra step needed in getting HIV.  But the idea is the same.

Charlotte approves $5.7M in coronavirus relief for housing. Here’s where the money will go

Boy I tell ya they don't do shit for working people
The distribution will be "First come, first serve" - but where? You mean, making a line somewhere?
> But turning people into lower income because you draw the lines to low isnt helping.  i'm trying to figure out what this sentence means.   It looks like they've got utility and rental assistance for a fairly large swathe of people of moderate incomes, as well as somewhat more assistance for homeless people and homeless families. I can't find a reason why this is a poor expenditure of $5 million and why it would be better spent on middle class people already ostensibly occupying homes they either can afford to rent or own.

Kindred’s milk bread recipe: You can make the ultimate coronavirus comfort food

I made milk bread for the first time yesterday and it is definitely a win. So soft and fluffy, made the best dinner rolls. I recommend it to anyone who has been stress baking and marathon carb eating to cope with covid stuff. There are a lot of recipes, and can even be made vegan so it's a great product. Thanks for sharing kindred's recipe!

Mecklenburg County Coronavirus Data as of 4/19

Charlotte has luckily been relatively shielded from the worst of it. Yesterday a security guard told me this was all made up nonsense and there’s no need for all the new measures, so I imagine the worst is yet to come.
The new case growth charts look encouraging. Stay at home is working...
I love all the anecdotes here from people "reporting" on the 5 guys they saw not social distancing as proof the worst is yet to come. Interestingly they have no idea how many dozens of people they interacted with who are social distancing. If you can only think of 5 people in the last few days who weren't doing what you think they should, I'd count that as a pretty good.   >Human perception occurs by a complex, unconscious process of [abstraction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstraction), in which certain details of the incoming sense data are noticed and remembered, and the rest forgotten. What is kept and what is thrown away depends on an internal model or representation of the world, called by psychologists a [*schema*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schema_(psychology)), that is built up over our entire lives. The data is fitted into this schema. Later when events are remembered, memory gaps may even be filled by "plausible" data the mind makes up to fit the model; this is called [*reconstructive memory*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reconstructive_memory).   [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observation#Biases)  Mecklenburg County has had 13 consecutive days without a new high of daily reported cases. The US as a whole has had 15 days [Source](https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/us/) without a new high.   The fact is that the majority of people are social distancing and it is working. I've felt like a parrot recently, but we also have no way to count the (likely) millions of people who have already been infected so let's not shout out about how scary this "second wave" will be because for all we know, we could be in that second wave right now.   The first case of COVID-19 in the US (Confirmed case) was January 15th in Washington.  [Source](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/coronavirus-centers-for-disease-control-first-case-united-states/) Many states did not start closing down until Early/mid March [Source](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/03/emergencies-closures-states-handling-coronavirus-200317213356419.html). We had at least 1-1.5 months of unmitigated growth from the point where we confirmed this virus was in the US. Hubei reported the outbreak in December 2019 but didn't lock down until January 23rd [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_Hubei_lockdowns). So they had 1 month of people traveling around possibly spreading it.   I love to hate on the right and on the president as much as anyone but let's try to be realistic here. We very well could be through the worst of it. Studies are coming out now suggesting that over 90% of people infected are asymptomatic [Reported on by our cities favorite politician](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/g3tqf6/update_what_we_know_about_reopening_north/). We have to realize that a large amount of Americans have already had this and have recovered. That is - if everyone who says this virus is so infectious actually believes what they say.   Maybe we could be optimistic and have a plan, and a set of criteria to meet, that will allow us to get back to work? (I don't condone protesters or anyone not social distancing, but I think if we at least talk about how we can get back to work the number of people complaining will decrease)
I was at a local restaurant grabbing takeout last week in a somewhat bad neighborhood. Guy came up to me asking for money and when I asked him to stay 6 feet away he said “only people overseas get that sh*t.” Yep, the worst is yet to come for CLT.
Is the first chart, total cases, or total cases net of cases no longer sick?
First graph is total cases, should be noted. What is most important is the graph showing number of new cases.
Can someone please explain to me why the county is saying that cases are going to peak in mid-May or June?  This doesn’t reconcile with the data that I’m seeing, which would expect a decline in cases throughout May (assuming distancing stayed in place)  Am I missing something?
The curve not yet flattening. My wife said that on her way home from the barn yesterday over a dozen cars were at the church down the street from us, it won't be flattening if people keep being silly.  &#x200B;  Edit: Curve is flattening, I was being dim, it was v early on a Monday lol. People are still being a bit silly though, praise Jeebus at home people.
This was the chatter among the 5 Charlotte Fire Department guys shopping together (unmasked) at Food Lion this morning.
My family lives up north; as of a couple of weeks ago, my mom knew 3 people who'd died directly from it-- two older, one in her early 50's with no prior health conditions. I'm getting kinda sick of hearing that it's nonsense. Tell that to the families of the people who have died.
Was it the security at harris teeter?
As long as there are ignorant fools, this will continue.
Get out of here with your reason and nuance!
Sorry, can you point me to the studies that says 90% are asymptomatic? That would be great news.  All I could see from Sen Jackson’s post was a note that 98% of a small sample of prisoners who had tested positive were not showing symptoms.  That could just mean they were recently infected.  Maybe I wasn’t reading his post closely enough and just missed it
i like you. Take this upvote redditor
Yep, and that is totally unique to Charlotte.
Judge an entire population off of the behavior of one homeless man, solid gameplan
It’s total cases. I’m not sure where to find the count for recovered cases in the county
No, it is. This graph will keep increasing no matter what, but notice that the slope of the incline is getting less. If measures were not working, this slope would be much more steep.
I wonder if people will be as hard on the church crowd as they were on the st Patrick’s crowd
The curve IS flattening. Do you not understand data? Dont just look at the first graph.
If the overly religious die. They die.  Edit: /s because tongue in cheek
Whole Foods
yep, multiply that number by at least 6.
It's a weird time when you get downvoted for merely suggesting that not everyone is going to die
[Here's one](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.04.14.20062463v1) that looked at antibody testing and showed that there could be 50-85x more cases in Santa Clara County which would correlate to over 90% of those cases having had no symptoms, or, symptoms so mild it didn't require any medical attention.   I believe you on the sample Jeff Jackson posted about, but everyone takes what he says as 100% vetted fact, so I figured in this context it would be applicable to source. (Just like everyone believed the study he shared which said we will have 250,000 cases by June 1st in NC even if we extend the stay-at-home order through May - ha!)
What population?  Beggars?
You’re right about the curve itself flattening, I just worry that not enough people are being tested.  The entire state has only done 79,000 tests I worry this graph doesn’t actually have all the correct data.   I really hope it does and we are making progress.
Nah I was just being a bit dim first thing Monday morning
don’t cut yourself on all that edge
The real threat with infectious diseases, and covid19 in particular, comes from the fact that people become vectors before they  become body-bags.
I could understand it if you were saying this is all confirmed fact and downplaying the risks.  But it’s information I’m seeing more and more, and discussing it doesn’t mean one has to pretend this virus is a non-issue.    People (especially on the internet) tend to not acknowledge that there’s a lot of room between “this is just the flu” and “we’re all gonna die” and I’m sure history will show that’s where the truth is.
Interesting, thanks for sharing the link
Charlotte population
Oh, I don't think our numbers are accurate at all, however, even if we aren't testing everyone that needs to be tested, we should still be testing at a constant rate, which would me the trends should stay the same, even if the total number reported is not the actual total number.
Monday morning and it’s 4/20 we all know you were looking at your phone upside down
And I was being a jerk, sorry
We need a tongue in cheek font on this site, real talk
This is a really fair point. What frustrates me to some extent is what happens in the coronavirus sub where they hold the early profile of the virus as fact and anything that would even remotely characterize the virus as anything less than that deadly is immediately down voted.   The fact of the matter is that what we are seeing isn't what we expected and while that doesn't make this situation anything less than the largest public health issue our generation has ever dealt with, it should be used to inform us on how we move forward.
Exactly! My opinion (mostly my personal conspiracy theory) is that everyone has spent so much time dissing how poorly Donald Trump has handled this that they can’t possibly even suggest that we might be through the worst of it.   We should have a scenario A and a scenario B ready. A is for if we are through the worst. B is for if the second wave is yet to come. It would allow us to adapt to the two situations and give people a path back to normalcy. Or, we could just keep saying the worst is to come and delay stay-at-home lifts 2 weeks at a time until people say “fuck it” and just ignore it because there’s no end in sight
We AlReAdY hAvE oNe
I tried posting about my website www.takeoutclt.com over on that sub and literally had people say that I am causing the death of dozens of people by suggesting that you drive in your own car, maybe interact with one person, and drive home. That whole sub is a lost cause

MYSTERY SOLVED: Source of coronavirus exposure discovered for Charlotte woman who hadn't left her house in weeks

Fuck this entire story.  It is incredibly misleading.  "Haven't left her house in weeks".  Except the time from when she DID leave to when she had symptoms of *something* was FOUR days.    All this did was scare people that they're going to get sick from getting groceries delivered.    I hope the woman is okay, but WCNC should be ashamed for posting fearmongering garbage.  The threat is real, but we need real information, not anecdotal stories that are misleading.
The one place I haven't heard a peep from... gas stations. I slather up the hand sanitizer after filling up!!
Moral of the story: beware of keypads, especially at pharmacies!   One technique is to use a pencil eraser when interacting with keypads, ATMs and self-checkout kiosks.
those fucking keypads will be the death of us.  i hit the buttons with my wallet, but I can't pick the fucking pen up with my wallet.
Sorry but this makes no sense.  How do they know she got it from a keypad?  It’s just as likely she got it from the groceries that were delivered by a covid positive person.   PS - it’s ridiculous that they require people to use a keypad/sign at pharmacies or anywhere.  there should be a no signing required right now
When it was originally posted it was terrible story where she did not magically contract it during isolation.   She got packages and the mail. She went to the pharmacy, too.   This wasn’t a mystery. It’s click-bait reporting.  WCCB also posted an interview with her yesterday with a misleading headline: https://www.wccbcharlotte.com/2020/04/21/a-charlotte-woman-mysteriously-catches-the-coronavirus-after-self-isolating-at-home-for-three-weeks/  Notice how the headline was changed from what was listed on the URL to this (I actually emailed WCCB for their terrible click bait headline and to their credit they changed it):  “A Charlotte Woman Finally Discovers How She Caught Coronavirus Despite Self-Isolating At Home For Three Weeks”  The story buries the lede in the middle that she went to the pharmacy and in the very last paragraph tells you she got COVID from the keypad at the pharmacy.  I’m a huge proponent of the free press but shit like this makes it harder to defend!   What’s sad is it’s still a great cautionary tale on how easy it is to contract the virus. But when you burying the lede and make a click-bait and misleading headline you are doing everyone a disservice.
If this virus is THAT contagious how come more heath care workers don’t have it? They work 12 hr shifts and come and go from the hospitals... they aren’t on constant quarantine 🤔
Agreed. Especially when it said the woman who brought her groceries who she interacted with HAD IT.
You just described everything the national media has done since this started. Fear gets clicks.
I stopped watching wcnc evening news years ago, as well. Between stuff like this and the advernewsment garbage I can't take it.
exactly.... and question everything being told :) do your own research....
Idk, read it?
CNN is a better source 😭😭😭
It's a great idea to do that regardless of Covid-19 concerns or not, really. Constant exposure to the elements plus frequent handling by a stream of different people makes gas pumps pretty gross. I keep a pack of wipes in my car door for this, and take one out before I get out to start pumping, so I can wipe my hands down before touching my car door again.
One of the first lines of advice I heard (might have even been Dr. Fauci) was to put a glove in your car to use at gas pump.
But how did they trace it to the keypad? Especially when they said earlier the person who delivered her groceries tested positive.
I bring three gloves with me to the grocery store. I wear the first two throughout the store, put my information into the keypad, remove that one to reach into my pocket, grab my card and swipe it with one hand and put it back in my pocket, trash the glove and my shopping list in the waste bin of the empty register behind me and put on the third fresh one.  Of course there is the ritual bathing of my hands and the card in hand sanitizer once I get back to my car. And the washing of my hands after I put away the groceries.  At first I thought this was overreacting. Glad to see that's not necessarily the case.
Why so someone can contest those charges and say that since they didn't sign for it then it was obviously not them who bought the stuff?  Then the store is out of luck for payment.  Some of those medicines are incredibly expensive and you better believe there are people out there who would contest the charges rather than pay $450 for a single prescription.    It's just bad business not to have people sign.  Maybe the answer is to have credit cards institute pin numbers like debit cards so you don't have to touch the pen.
I’ve been trying to use Apple Pay where I can, it’s annoying that some places require me to input my PIN after getting the card info. I just used my face to unlock my card, seems like that should be sufficient, and safer than just a random string of numbers.
>I’m a huge proponent of the free press but shit like this makes it harder to defend!  Hmmm, I'm not sure bad journalism justifies taking away our freedom of speech. I mean, then you may not even be allowed to criticize it! :)
Uh, the numbers are still not finalized but it's estimated that 10-20% of Coronavirus cases are healthcare workers. That's pretty high.  https://khn.org/news/true-toll-of-covid-19-on-u-s-health-care-workers-unknown/
If they're lucky, they have some form of PPE to protect them. HCWs are more aware of not touching their faces and of washing their hands frequently, esp after touching door handles or any other object someones else may have touched.   The link says she practices frequent hand washing, however, it's possible she never washed/sanitized her hands immediately after touching that keypad.
Im sure part of it has to do with her having a compromised immune system.
Hi 10 day old account that only has negative karma, nothing fishyhere 🌊
Did you really think that was a deep thought? Does your Google not work?
Well, the virus is quite a bit more contagious than previously thought, which is why we have a big problem on our hands. The current estimate is that each person with covid infects 5.7 other people in the absence of any social distancing measures. This compares to the flu, where each person only infects 1.3 other people. They also estimate that a third of health care workers will get it. So, yeah, that's why the economy is shut down!  However, also keep in mind that there is most likely a lot of randomness in each individual transmission. It's quite possible that many people touched that keypad but only a few got the virus. You would need to touch your face (eyes, nose, mouth) after touching the keypad to get it. It's not going to travel through your skin.  Some food for thought. In South Korea, they have armies of people doing contact tracing. They would see an electronic record of your credit card purchase and then call up every person who performed a credit card transaction on the same terminal to advise them to self-quarantine.  Unfortunately, the US is no longer do any contact tracing of any significant magnitude. And this is why our economic will be shut down indefinitely and why we will lose trillions of dollars, whereas South Korea has everything under control. If we want to get our economy back on track, we must invest more resources in hunting down the virus and extinguishing it.
I agree. I really shouldn’t be surprised... but here I am.
The "national" media employs click bait misleading openers / headlines /story focus less than other types of media (like, oh, the local news station).    This is terrible "journalism" , but it's not anything new or Covid specific. Fear always got clicks, it's just that now we have something new to be afraid about.
Nice emojis and hot take. Sure you are a reliable source.....
I agree, I’ve always took my own pen in places but imagine how many others used it, including pharmacy employees 🤔
That's a good question. It's possible actually to do genetic analysis of the virus to determine the source person that you caught it from. Each time the virus goes from person-to-person, it mutates slightly, leaving a trail of ancestral transmissions. However, I don't know if they went to all that trouble in this case. They may be just making a good guess.
It's interesting. I think we have all developed our own little rituals. I make a point of putting contaminated objects like credit card and car key in my back pocket to keep my front pockets clean. I also only take minimum items to the store. I remove single car key from chain and credit card from wallet. I take off watch and remove phone from case to make it easier to clean when I get home. I also sanitize key and credit card after disposing of gloves. It's actually more complicated than it seems to avoid any cross contamination during the whole shopping process!
Be careful putting on that third one. You are using a contaminated glove hand to put it on.   You’d be better off taking JUST your credit card out of your wallet, purse and putting it in your pocket with the list. Then you leave gloves on the whole time.   Once you have loaded bags into car and returned shopping cart THEN throw away gloves. And use hand sanitizer when you get in car. Then after you get bags out and in your house (and I assume disinfect)  also just take your card out and clean it down, too!
“Harder to defend” because MAGA and Fox News will point to this as “fake news” and the cycle continues.
> It's quite possible that many people touched that keypad but only a few got the virus.   I wish someone would do a better job at educating the public about HOW viruses are transmitted. My mother works with infectious diseases, so I’m well versed in how to prevent them. I’m afraid the general public is not.
I knew about that, but it's hard to believe they're able to do that while people can't even get plain old coronavirus tests at this juncture. Too bad there's not any real reporting here with more detail besides "mystery solved."
Are you just talking out your ass? Any sources?
Genetic tracing has been used extensively to trace the transmission path of the virus. Here's one article that explains the technique: [https://www.knowablemagazine.org/article/health-disease/2020/how-disease-sleuths-are-using-genomics-track-coronavirus](https://www.knowablemagazine.org/article/health-disease/2020/how-disease-sleuths-are-using-genomics-track-coronavirus).  But like I said, I don't know if it was used in this particular case. I'm just saying it is theoretically possible.
The article says Covid doesn't mutate fast enough to pinpoint it down to a person - more like they can pinpoint it to a certain local area.  I did however learn that HIV does mutute from person to person - so I wasn't aware that some viruses CAN be pinpointed down to the person.    But I think it's still too expensive and time costly for this method to be used right now on every case, even if we could tell it from person to person.
You are probably right about it being too expensive. And I think you are partially right about pinpointing to a specific person. You can't really pinpoint with 100% certainty. However, given two possible sources, you could determine that one source was a closer match than the other. If both sources were genetically similar, then that technique may not work. However, it could work if the sources were genetically dissimilar.  Anyway, this is all theoretical discussion.  I would agree that the article was not particular good. The journalist failed to ask these basic questions about how they determined the source to be the keypad.

‘It just doesn’t seem right.’ Atrium Health reduces nurses’ hours amid coronavirus crisis

Have also heard that Novant is doing salary reductions
This is not a story. Plenty of hospitals are seeing fewer patients all over the country. We are not NYC.   I'm as critical of money hungry hospital execs as anyone, but this is exactly how hourly work functions normally, so I don't see the story here.
I’m a nurse and often got “pulled” to units that weren’t mine when census was low I’m failing to see the big deal here.
Yeah. This should be the bigger news imo.  Cutting hours seems downright reasonable since, while it would reduce total pay, it would also reduce risk of infection.  Cutting pay is really shitty
So many sensationalized headlines to count.

Was this attack a hate crime driven by coronavirus fears at this Chinese restaurant?

Thank you for your submission!  It appears you are looking for some sort of Best of or Favorite recommendation. Depending on how long ago the last post was on this topic, your post maybe removed at mod discretion.  In the meantime though take a look at the resources below.  * [Previous posts](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/search?q=Was this attack a hate crime driven by coronavirus fears at this Chinese restaurant?&restrict_sr=1&sort=top) * [Map of things in Charlotte](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=132ZAJQwAxyrDhb8j4B4RaSUTN9L1A0VM&shorturl=1&ll=35.14212380113511%2C-80.76585532969364&z=11)  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Charlotte) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Was this attack a hate crime driven by coronavirus fears at this Chinese restaurant?

Thank you for your submission!  It appears you are looking for some sort of Best of or Favorite recommendation. Depending on how long ago the last post was on this topic, your post maybe removed at mod discretion.  In the meantime though take a look at the resources below.  * [Previous posts](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/search?q=Was this attack a hate crime driven by coronavirus fears at this Chinese restaurant?&restrict_sr=1&sort=top) * [Map of things in Charlotte](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=132ZAJQwAxyrDhb8j4B4RaSUTN9L1A0VM&shorturl=1&ll=35.14212380113511%2C-80.76585532969364&z=11)  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Charlotte) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Probably not
Doubtful.
How do you know that the victim was of Asian or Chinese descent?
Nooo that’s my spot! I hope it wasn’t serious!
Huh I actually got take out from here yesterday. The young lady was super nice despite being swamped with calls. What the fuck is wrong with people.
No.
No.  All this tittle tattle about these Chinese “victims” reminds me of the satanic panic.
So you’re basically just making this “hate crime” up in your mind with no evidence?
Just because some of your acquaintances have had these experiences doesn’t mean automatically that it happened here too. At best all you have is a “hunch” that this was a hate crime because of your personal experience. You have zero evidence at all. It’s disingenuous and divisive to just make up stories like this and spread fear because you feel a certain way.
I’m sorry that happened to you. But just because it happened to you, doesn’t automatically mean it happened to someone else.
You seem to clearly be missing my point. Enjoy your life living as a victim in constant fear.

NC House leaders want to expand Medicaid – but only to coronavirus patients

It's a start.
Wouldn’t it be nice to have health care, Instead of just for one or two somes, Those without care would be none, Yeah, wouldn’t it be nice?

