First COVID-19 related death reported in southeastern NC


Second COVID-19 related death reported in Brunswick County


Resident in their 40′s reported as first victim of COVID-19 in New Hanover County

Fake news

COVID-19 quarantine letter from a health/government official?
Hoping to find any resources/feedback for this. My boyfriend returned a few days ago from his job, where he travels to nuclear plants and performs maintenance/engineering during their outages. He was sent home early but stayed as long as he did because they were considered essential. In order to quarantine and receive pay, he must have a letter from a health or government member saying that he must quarantine. We are not panicking just yet about his health, but we want to be sure and go ahead with quarantining because 1. He’s been traveling since February 2. Has gone through multiple airports 3. Spent 2 weeks working in NY 4. Multiple people at his plants have been diagnosed with the virus. We want him quarantined anyway but his work is requiring this letter We just can’t seem to get through to anyone. Understandably, telehealth and offices have been jammed or only taking emergencies, and we can’t seem to connect with anyone who could officially recommend quarantine and give us a letter. Has anyone else had to deal with this, or have any ideas of who or where we could turn to? All we need is a letter
To clarify, his job sent him home early and now they are requiring a letter from the state or a doctor in order to keep paying him while he's at home?  Did the job require him to quarantine, or is this just precautionary on your parts? I haven't heard anything about a letter requiring this, but the CDC guidance is pretty clear if you have symptoms. You can call the NHC health department at  (910) 798-7311 or try NCDHHS [here](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/contact/hotlines). Hopefully they'll have some info and can help you guys out.
For my job I've been in NY for days at a time, through multiple airports and numerous flights.  And my airline has had a few workers come down sick.  I haven't been sick.  So almost the same situation.  My take on it is that if he chooses to voluntary self-quarantine he would not be paid since it is not mandatory.  Now if the job mandated a quarantine that would be different, he would have to be paid.
There's some details needed still, like what exactly the employer told him.  I actually would crosspost this to a more pertinent subreddit if I were you. You'll get more and better responses. This isn't exactly a Wilmington thing, and is more of a general employment/Covid/legal situation.  But with the info you've provided, I do not believe your boyfriend can force his employer to compensate him if there is no reasonable suspicion that he has the virus. He *can* however consult an attorney. Given his whereabouts amidst the crisis, if he doesn't feel safe returning to work, he has some major recourse. Now, of course, this comes at an attrition-esque price with the employer. They likely won't take kindly to legal action.  In my opinion, it seems that if the employer expects your boyfriend to keep working and he does not feel safe to do so, he needs to call his HR department and work something out with them. If they're considered essential workers, there's not a ton of incentive for the employer to pay an employee for not working. I'm willing to bet a temporary hazard pay raise is the most likely outcome, if anything.  I don't know what to tell you as far as that letter goes.
Yes, basically they sent everyone home early, cutting them short of an outage or two. His company is requiring that they produce documentation from a health official saying that they recommend him to quarantine in order to get compensated. But his company is requiring that they quarantine, they canceled their flights home and had them drive back in order to avoid contact with the public because they were all exposed. It’s definitely precautionary on our part either way, considering he definitely was exposed at his facility, but it would obviously help being compensated for it while he is quarantining, because we’re trying to make different accommodations.   I’ve spoken to multiple people at the Wilmington health department who were super sweet and empathetic. Unfortunately they couldn’t give us a note but said that everyone, including the medical side, is following CDC protocol, so that should be enough. We agree, but his company doesn’t. The health department recommended we talk to Medac Urgentcare. So we did, set up a telemedicine appointment...and talked to a PA who basically said we were lying, refused care, refused to write the letter even though she said she’d have no problem doing it before, told us we could not speak to anyone else in all of Medacs Urgentcare, and ended our session early.   It’s been stressful
Thanks for the resources!!
Gotcha. From what I understand, his company has instructed them to quarantine, because multiple people at his plant tested positive and they were in contact with everyone else. They even cancelled everyone’s flights and made them drive home from their plants to further quarantine them. The quarantine seems mandatory, it’s just whether you’ll get compensated for it
Thanks for the feedback! It’s much appreciated. We’re definitely not going to go the legal route, not worth it. From what I understand, his company is requiring them to quarantine. They cancelled their last sites and canceled all of their flights to prevent them from coming into contact with the public, and had them drive home from their plants. Essentially from what they’re saying, they’re offering quarantine compensation because they were directly exposed because of the job, but want them to have documented proof for the higher ups to justify paying them for any costs associated with quarantining, so that they don’t have to pay out if they don’t have to.   I’ve spoken to multiple people at the Wilmington health department who were super sweet and empathetic. Unfortunately they couldn’t give us a note but said that everyone, including the medical side, is following CDC protocol, so that should be enough. We agree, but his company doesn’t. The health department recommended we talk to Medac Urgentcare. So we did, set up a telemedicine appointment...and talked to a PA who basically said we were lying, refused care, refused to write the letter even though she said she’d have no problem doing it before, told us we could not speak to anyone else in all of Medacs Urgentcare, and ended our session early.   So it’s been a little stressful lol but again, I appreciate the info!!
Wow, I'd get that PAs name and report to Medac once this is all over. Does he have a GP? That doesn't seem like a hard ask, even though i know the docs are slammed right now.   Pretty fucked up on the company side as well, but I have low expectations for corporations. I do feel like you could send them the CDC guidanc, since that is documentation from a health official and they didn't specify. Aside from that, potentially reporting them to the SBA, if applicable, the BBB, or the NCDOL. He was essentially furloughed without them saying it directly.   Hope you guys got your stimulus money already. Ain't a ton but it helps a little.

COVID-19 Showing up at grocers in the area. BE CAREFUL
Everybody listen up. With the lightening of the stay at home order, you may think that the worst is behind us. For many people it is, but this is NOT over. I have learned of several positive cases of local grocery store employees in the area. PLEASE, for the safety of you as well as the employees follow a few simple rules:1. If you are a customer: STEP. THE FUCK. BACK. I am hearing that way too many people are not taking social distancing seriously, but think about it, these employees are being exposed to 100s of potentially infected people every. single. day. Do you want to be infected by them? Seriously, back the FUCK up. I don't want to bury a loved one because you can't follow simple directions.2. 1 Person, 1 Cart. Seriously, this is not that hard either. Just leave your spouse/child/best friend's second cousin at home. They will be fine. I promise. The fewer people in a store, the easier it will be to maintain a 6-ft. distance between you and everyone else. 3. Wash your grimy little COVID Carriers. Seriously, if this hasn't sunk in yet, maybe you should be under strict quarantine for the duration of this (or longer, in my opinion).4. Don't touch anything you don't absolutely have to. You don't need to be grabbing everything you see like a damn toddler. If you need to, clasp your hands together as you walk around. Seriously though guys, stay away from the grocery store employees. They need their space if you want to continue using their services.
I work at a fast food place here, and I just wanna say that if you're coming through a drive thru, help us out and wear a mask. We have to get so close to your car to take your order, and I've had people come up and cough several times. We don't even make as much as you're getting for unemployment, so please. Please PLEASE help keep us safe and wear at least a mask
Can you say where the infected workers were? I’m so insanely frustrated seeing people not take this damn thing seriously. I’ve gotten down to about 10 days between groceries. Thank you for posting.
As the weeks go by, the more dangerous it is to go out as the exposures and infections exponentially grow. Smart people know this. So as each day passes, or has passed, when you go out to a store, you're amongst a concentrating population of uneducated people who don't read, take precaution and protect themselves/others, or stay home when they have symptoms. If you can afford it, pay the $10 for instacart delivery or do curbside pickup. If you are able to, there is no reason to be walking inside these places.
I work at a Walgreens and if I had a nickel for every time I’ve had to tell a customer to back up while in line for being too close I’d be a millionaire by now. No one is listening to anything, no one is reading our signs, everyone keeps coming in and buying toys, candy, hair dye etc.. like those items are not essential please go home and only come back if you’re getting your prescription or groceries. The amount of regulars that are still coming in every day is so annoying. Sorry for the rant! Just had to get it off my chest
I have a friend that works at a grocery store in town and she has been yelled at close enough for spittle to hit her multiple times for them being out of items (as if it were her fault), people have shoved her and bumped her trying to grab things she was stocking rather than waiting or asking to get through, seriously people - back the fuck up - you can still get your groceries without causing needless extra exposure and hatefulness to the people tirelessly working to keep the shelves stocked for you.
If you think this post is empty fear mongering, you clearly don't know anyone who works in a grocery store.  This is probably someone that's too afraid of posting with their real account for fear of retaliation(regardless of any laws in place to prevent such a practice.)  Stay smart. Stay safe.
I have an interview at a grocery store today, I'm not feeling stellar about it.
People are so bad and keeping distance and I'm getting to the point where I'm just gonna start yelling at/ shaming people when they get close. Not just young people either; I've had multiple elderly folks, wearing a mask and gloves no less, stand within a foot behind me while checking out.  Also, don't take your kids to the store unless you have absolutely no other option. If possible, Lowes and HT will do online ordering and Publix and apparently HT will deliver.
THIS IS MY MASK, THERE ARE MANY LIKE IT, BUT THIS ONE IS MINE. MY MASK IS MY BEST FRIEND. IT IS MY LIFE. I MUST MASTER IT AS I MUST MASTER MY LIFE. WITHOUT ME MY MASK IS USELESS. WITHOUT MY MASK, I AM USELESS.
Observe the one way aisles please. I work in a grocery store and we’re doing everything we can to keep everyone safe, including ourselves. Please be patient, but there’s no need to be over the top thankful. And as OP mentioned, please, please keep your family at home. There’s no need for you and your SO and your two kids to come in. For one thing, it’s hard to get anything done when there’s a swarm of people blocking an area.
Everyone should also wear a wear a mask - even the homemade ones are better than nothing.  You wearing one isn't going to prevent you from catching the virus though.  It's to stop you from spreading it to other people.
Too bad people are SO selfish and won’t heed warnings. Half my family works in area grocery stores. Shoppers don’t care about employees. That’s clearly evident in th blatant disregard of th employees personal space. I’m so concerned.
> 1 Person, 1 Cart. Seriously, this is not that hard either. Just leave your spouse/child/best friend's second cousin at home. They will be fine. I promise. The fewer people in a store, the easier it will be to maintain a 6-ft. distance between you and everyone else.        So much this. Drives me crazy watching two able bodied adults come rolling their cart into a store with their kids, especially if it includes some old enough to stay at home to watch the younger ones. Saw two ladies go into Walmart last week, one very pregnant, with their kids. One was a girl in her mid teens and the other was around 2 or 3. They couldn't send the one adult with a list or just keep the teen and the baby at home? WTF? And for God's sake, if you have a baby in a carrier then both parents do not need to go shopping together with the kid in tow! One can stay home with the crotch goblin at least!
Thanks for posting this. My 18 yo son works the front end in a grocery store (customer service desk mostly) and I am terrified for him. People aren’t following the guidelines and this situation has people all wigged out on top of that. He said the customers are just straight up crazy. I want him to temporarily stop working but he insists he’s fine and like you and your fiancé, he has youth and health on his side. I hope it’s enough.
This looks like another throwaway account that's been popping up on here to stir shit unnecessarily.
Using self-checkout whenever possible can help a bit, as well, I think - so long as people keep distance in line. It'll somewhat reduce exposure to the employees.
Not you personally, but for any fast food worker (or really any worker rn), please also help and not talk like we're your best friend when we pull through. I've gone to CFA probably over 500 times in my life, and the girl at the window I had the other day was maybe the chattiest I've ever met.   I get it masks are scarce, and being nice and outgoing is usually a huge plus in that role. But if you don't have a mask, be aware of what their purpose is and say as few words as possible for the transaction, instead of spraying my car with as many germs as you can in 30 seconds.
Are the workers supposed to be wearing some type of PPE? We went to the Taco Bell drive through in Porters Neck last week and the girl working the window didn't have on a mask or gloves, just kept leaning half way out the window. Of course there was a mask on the ground under the window (nasty people can't pick up their own mess!). I'm sure it was from a customer.   We had masks on (for their protection, not ours) and felt a little skeezy handing our card to her thinking of how many she had been touching as well as leaning half way out the window right next to our car door.
The point is that it doesn't matter where - act as though everyone has it, including yourself.
I am sorry but I cannot. I only know employees of one company, but there is no way that this is contained to that one company alone. I just want people to be safe as possible.
Pickup at my local Food Lion is $1.99 for orders over $35. Totally worth it.
No apologies needed, we all completely understand!
Great, if this shit keeps up, the grocery workers will all quit, and the rest of us will starve.  Way to go, morons.
Hate to hear that about your friend, things like this can bring out the worst in people for sure. My wife worked at a convenience store years back when we were having the gas shortage and dealt with things like that. Had one guy try and come across the counter at her because he was sure they had fuel in the tanks and were keeping it all for the employees. Thankfully other customers grabbed him off the counter and threw his ass out before he could get too far.   Tell her that there are appreciative people out there that know what she is going through and that are trying their best to keep her as safe as possible. We don't want anyone catching this and getting sick, especially when they are just trying to do their job.
Just make sure you take care of yourself. Have masks and make sure you’re washing your hands and respecting distance. There’s nothing wrong with asking someone to back up.
Good luck and I hope you get the job! Just remember that the majority of folks you'll be dealing with aren't any happier about having to be there right now than you are and are normally considerate about what is going on. Things will get better, then you can start complaining about the customers being stupid on a regular day!
Oh, hi!
If you’re a prime member, you can also get free delivery from Whole Foods.
lmao my favorite movie
This actually pissed me off the other day at Target where the aisles have big red arrows and people were going the wrong way. I started bitching loudly about how apparently some people needed to go back to grade school to learn to follow arrows on the ground. It isn't that hard to figure out what direction you need to go. But it also explains our traffic issues in general....
Same. Fiance has had no interruption in work, and comes home DAILY with stories daily about people who won't back the fuck up.   I just take comfort in knowing that statistics are on the side of healthy, younger people like myself and my fiance. It's not a sure thing, but it's all I got.
With the lack of testing and some 80% of cases being asymptomatic you can assume it's every store.
No - IT DOESN'T MATTER WHICH FUCKING STORES.
I did not forget. I am not saying because I only have sources at one company, but with as widespread as this is, there is NO WAY that it is actually contained to that 1 company. Call the stores and ask.
Pretty sure that would be a HIPPA violation. If someone is sick in the store, the employees can't be told who it is for the same reason. Just that there is a confirmed case within the store
I take ownership of it being a throwaway account, but I am telling you I know of no less than 5 active cases in Grocery store employees in the area.
At the cost of your own exposure
We wear gloves and masks but our company doesn't have enough masks for us all to have one so plenty of people have had to go without.   It just sucks knowing that I'm risking my health to get grocery money while people who aren't working get more from unemployment in a week than I do in two weeks.
Based on listening the the arguments of many "experts", I think it is really a toss up.  In a perfect world, yes.  The problem is that there is a limit of PPE.  So, people are forced to keep wearing the same equipment and not change it out.  People that wear the masks and gloves for extended periods of time get a false sense of security and build up germs on them, only to make it worse.  It doesn't matter if she touched a bunch of credit cards with her hands or the gloves - she still has germs on them. The mask would be nice, to some extent, to prevent the aerosol effect.  But, I'd rather have the cashier not wearing gloves and touching everything thinking it is safe.  At least without the gloves, it is easier to just wash the hands or use sanitizer.  They probably don't, but you hope anyway.  Either way, I sanitize before and after getting my takeout.
You shouldn’t scare people with the fact that it’s one specific brand if you’re not willing to disclose what company it is. Should’ve kept that comment to yourself imo
Lol you need to speak the fuck up sis
Shouldn't be getting down voted for that. No matter how much others want the information you still need to be careful what you say about your employer, especially online. Others have been fired for less than what you are being asked to disclose.
Which location? I'm on the Food Lion website now and none of the locations near Wilmington are coming up available for pick up for me.
Thank you! Just frustrated, I had to miss 2 weeks of work because I had to get tested for the virus, but work made me use my own PTO for time I missed, but only had a few hours built up, now they’re giving a bonus to employees but I don’t qualify for that because I had to miss time for being sick last month, and I don’t qualify for the stimulus check because my mom claimed me in 2018 even though I don’t live with them anymore so I’m just frustrated all around. Thanks for letting me vent!
I appreciate that.  I've been in and around the business for 15 years.  I can definitely sympathize with their situation.  Admittedly, I'm not sure about the position.  I'm certainly qualified, but it's part-time and a 40 mile commute.  I don't imagine there is going to be salary at play that is going to make it worth it.  But, I want to do my due diligence.
Last I checked it's a 12-day backlog. Harris teeter is only 8.
Exactly. Treat all of them like every item on every shelf is covered in Covid.
It's the ADA act as well. Employers are forbidden from disclosing medical information.
Not sure I follow. If you're already at the store, you can self checkout and not interact with a cashier, vs regular in which you do.
You can wash your hands and/ or use sanitizer while wearing gloves.
Oh, I agree completely about the gloves being ineffective as far as transferring germs from one card to another, my concern was more about her safety. Main issue I had was her leaning so far out the window she was damn near within a foot or so of mine.
Uh, this is a major pandemic and honestly we all have the right to know if we are coming in contact with someone exposed. Sometimes doing the right thing is more important than worrying that your employer is going to somehow care enough to hunt down your reddit and scroll through your comments and fire you for sharing the truth? If you’re gonna announce that you know for a fact people are infected at a certain store, you should be prepared to share the name of that store, or just be quiet.
On second look, where did they say that this is their employer? And it’s clearly a throwaway account. Our lives are more important than you whining about what’s disclosed on the internet. Have you ever actually been on the internet? If reddit didn’t frown on emojis, I would insert a face palm here.
If there's any grocery store here or anywhere that has one or more infected employees, they should be sending that employee home *immediately.* These are the guidelines. They don't have the right to risk infecting anyone.   Any employee that's under the impression that they have it should be calling off until they're certain that they don't have it. This isn't a preference thing. The fucking CDC is tracking these people for a reason.   Maybe OP doesn't feel like they need to tell everyone where it happened, if it's even true, but anyone who knows about this should be alerting the right people, instead of leaving cryptic warnings that can't actually do much. Stepping back from someone that can pass the virus by touching every single item you're about to bring home to your family, which will last for days, isn't going to fix anything. The only thing that will fix it is removing the virus from the high traffic job. If the OP knows who it is, they need to talk to the employee. But this could just be second hand hearsay. I wouldn't be surprised.
My bad, Didn’t realize I was in the Ilm sub. I’m in Gboro ( from Ilm) and it’s up here I get the pick up. It’s crazy that no FL’s in Ilm do pickup!
Walmart only schedules 2 days at a time and 20 slots a day. They fill up incredibly fast and things you order may be out of stock on the day of your pick up. You need to start trying for your slot at Midnight to have any chance of getting one.
Seriously, it's probably every single grocery store in town.
It get wanting to know where it's we're sure it isn't safe but they just aren't testing enough people.   Back in March my high school son had a fever, nasty cough, felt tired & sore.  Took him to the pediatrician where they tested him for strep & flu.  Both came back negative but they couldn't test him for him for Covid because he wasn't having difficulty breathing - which they defined as not able to carry on a conversation without being winded.  So we pretty certain we've had it here in out house but we're not a confirmed case.  He's since recovered and no one else in the house came down with anything but you can't focus on the confirmed cases.
With an incubation time of up to 2 weeks before showing symptoms is what makes this thing such a problem. And when you think of how many people these workers are dealing with on a daily basis, acting like all stores have infected cases is the best way to handle it.   One thing that many don't take into consideration is that the products themselves could be contaminated as well. The virus can last for hours or days depending on the surface material. Think about that the next time you grab that bread bag to make a sandwich.
Sorry autocorrect. It does apply o people who work at grocery stores
I would think there's more surfaces that you have to interact with possibly infected in the self checkout than in standard. (I could be totally wrong though)
I'm aware of that.  But, really, what's the point then?  Gloves are meant to be a quick touch and dispose.  If you are going to practice safe disinfecting, no need for the gloves.  I would guess that people don't wash their hands or sanitize with the gloves on.  The thought would be that they have the gloves on, so they are being safe.
You are correct, it does not say that it is their employer. I stand corrected. But whining? Care to point out where I did that?
gotcha! no prob! :)
Same surfaces, I'd say. Groceries on the moving belt, keypad or cash. Plus, I've noticed a lot of staff specifically just handling wipedowns of all checkout stations, etc. I think many prefer that over having 100's of people pass in front of them. It's all a toss up though.
At least you control what gets touched.
They actually are, but not in this case.   [Example.](https://www.harristeeter.com/hipaa-privacy-policy)
Which is why I said it doesn't apply here.

How has COVID-19 impacted your life?
Are you an essential worker? A struggling college student? A domestic violence victim? Whatever your situation, please share your story with WHQR — we want to know how this is impacting the community. Sources can be kept anonymous if necessary. Please email us at hbreisinger@whqr.org. Thank you!
I haven't had road rage in a month.
Got fat from staying indoors
I own a bar and am having a really hard time. Happy to speak with you.
I work for a local company that ships healthy prepared meals so still working which is good. Honestly [thankfully] my life has hardly changed. I don't do much outside of work except go for walks on my days off which I can still do. Only real change is I'm not eating out and only going to the store no more than once a week/every other week.
I'm a small business owner and the shut down is causing me to not have any income. It's pretty terrifying, but I'm trying to be creative in ways to stay afloat.
I put in my two weeks notice at a place when I was going to step into a higher paying job because one of the employees there was going to retire...  She decided that if C-19 was going to be as bad as projected and as lethal to her age group, she didn't want to just sit at home waiting to die, and rescinded her retirement offer. The position I was going to get at a place considered essential evaporated.  My wife does WFH, though, so we still have income. I've been delegated to errand-runner and grocery-fetcher. Dog vet appointment? That's me! Lawn mower needs to be repaired? Well, that was already me, but now I can't procrastinate on it.
Lowe’s home improvement essential worker here. Haven’t missed one day of work this whole messed up situation. Part of me feels extremely lucky to still have a job but I am also hearing a lot of stories of people making more money sitting at home on unemployment than having the job they used to have. It’s hard to keep getting up everyday at 5 am to deal with asshole customers all the time being extremely exposed to the virus. I feel for nurses I really do but that’s the environment they chose to work in. Medical people also get paid very well where I don’t make shit. So it’s great I still have a job but if I get sick and die is it really worth the 2 extra dollars. Prob not
My mother is a nurse at NHRMC. She said aside from some safety standards changing, she said the hospital is just... silent. Minimal patients. Nothing happening.
I work for a local telecom company. I’m grateful to still be employed, and I’m grateful of the steps my company is taken to give us benefits. Reducing the hazard we face hasn’t been so successful due to the customer facing nature of our job, but we have been provided PPE. It’s definitely a bit stressful at times, as I’m often concerned that I’ll be the one to bring it back to my girlfriend and son.   I miss my friends because I’m too scared I’ll get them sick, and haven’t visited in weeks. But I know that we are are needed for the many folks working at home or are otherwise stuck without much else to do. Thankfully, our daycare has been responsive and proactive during all this, and I don’t have to worry about childcare while his mother and I work our essential jobs (don’t want to reveal her job due to the specific nature of it). I’ve noticed that many customers are stressed, and on edge. But there’s also a lot of responsible, cautious, and courteous folks out there doing the right thing. And even though toilet paper may be running low, I’m grateful to the other workers (grocery clerks, etc) that have stayed strong with me and the others and continued to serve our community.  I sincerely hope the jobless folks are receiving the support they need, and that our leadership in Wilmington and the state continue to act responsibly and don’t give in to the economic pressure of the present day at the expense of our economic future.   All in all, it’s been tough for my family and I like it has everyone else. I’m sure that we’ll all get through this like we have every other disaster, and I’m hopeful that my fellow Wilmingtonians understand and support the importance of following guidelines and caring for our young and elderly.
It's been great. I was working 6 days a week and getting really burnt out. I just got back from a sweet kayaking trip with my girlfriend and I may not go back to work for a while even if the economy opens back up now. I'm pretty happy. This has been a much needed break.
All of my film jobs have dried up/been indefinitely delayed. It’s been a great time for personal projects though, the house is filling up with all kinds of puppets and creatures. Silver linings, I guess!
My social anxiety that I have worked to undo for many years is basically back in full force.  I work at home and never have to go anywhere, and the thought of leaving the front door makes me very uncomfortable.  I feel generally lonely.
Financially not at all. I’m a SAHM and husband works at NHRMC.  The one this has changed the most for is my 4 year old. No preschool, play dates, parks..  We are very lucky.
Working more since having to lay off my employees... burnt out. But, glad to be alive and healthy and looking forward to the future!
Unemployed, broke and bored. Cars dead so even if I had a job I'd have to figure that out first. All caught up on alot of TV shows though
I can't do online classes, going to fail this semester.
Having a hard time facing that people I usually meet are friends and are now a threat to my life. That hit me hard the other night.
My mother is living in a local memory care facility and we haven’t been able to see her in person since the begging of March. We’ve thankfully been able to FaceTime, Skype or zoom with her, with help from staff. She had a fall a couple of weeks ago and was taken to Cape Fear ED, but was back at her facility later that day, but that caused her to have to be quarantined to her room for 14 days. She’s back in the hospital again now, being treated for some other underlying issues, but will then have to go back on another 14 quarantine when she gets back. I think that her memory care facility is doing the best they can right now, but it’s a very helpless feeling knowing I can’t go see my mom, hug and kiss her, or help her.
Essential worker as a survey engineer. So not much has changed for myself. Except my side hustle as a bartender is now nonexistent. Feel bad for my other fellow employees from all over the service industry. Hope everyone recovers from this.
I'm a musician and not being able to perform is really hard. I am still making a living teaching lessons online but I miss rehearsals and concerts - not being able to play is really doing a number on my mental health. Also having my kids home 24/7 while I am trying to work from home is a real challenge.  On the bright side I am home every night and all weekend every weekend, which has actually been great for our family. I feel like we have really bonded as a family from all this, which almost makes it all worth it!
I do mostly Etsy sales for my living and it's gotten very slow. My wife had attempted to find a job for 6 months but I think it won't happen anytime soon.  We've been locked down for weeks and can pay the bills so we are fortunate. Long term I'm uncertain of my work and future but I think many of us are.
My role with a company I'd worked with for two years was terminated, along with 30 others, as a result of COVID-19. We're unsure when or if the company will turn around. This was a relatively new startup and each of us was personally invested in the company.    I have significant pandemic anxiety. I have autoimmune conditions that leave me with higher risk of needing significant medical intervention. I am constantly arguing with my household about the need to remain at home and not see anyone that doesn't live here. It's been an uphill battle and I'm constantly terrified that I can and will die at 31.
I work for NHRMC so financially I'm fine. Aside from not being able to go to bars and fewer friends being willing to hang out not much has changed for me.   But I know a great many people who are barely hanging on because of the shutdown, and that all the student nurses in the area have lost out on an entire semester's worth of clinical hours.
Well since I'm good with money ive had no impact. My bills are paid, ive been out of work since 3/15. just think its silly some people think there little mask is going to help them I'm tired of wiping my ass with cardboard tho don't see why people bought up all the tp. I've been out of my house maybe 2 times. To all the essential workers out there thanks y'all are doing a great job.
Exactly. Today my spider sense told me the roads were fuller....like before the thinning of the herd times.....I did not care for that feeling.
Much like the Freshman Fifteen, we're all getting our Covid Nineteen.
I've probably inspected your workplace before!
So does that what you say about pay is correct. My husband makes just under 40 an hour at NHRMC BUT No, this is not the environment he chose to work in. He did not choose to work with infected patients with very little protective gear.  He works 12 hour shifts and comes into contact with quite a few positive or presumed positive patients and the only thing between them is one mask or a thin sheet they use to transport patients.
My mom is currently a patient at NHRMC, as of yesterday, and the case manager on her floor gave an indication that it was much busier than normal. Maybe she’s on a different floor? The same is true about the ED at Cape Fear, about a week and a half ago, much busier than usual. I’m glad that it has not effected either of you much.
I have a friend that works at a hospital in SC.  She said the place is dead, even the frequent flyers aren’t coming in. They’ve actually had to lay-off some staff.  Also said that someone looted their stash of masks awhile back.
We need pictures now, you know that right?!  Also in film\ad industry. I have what might be my last gig for a while that finishes up next week.  Worried about what the industry will look like in a few months.
Why don’t you watch YouTube videos to figure out how to fix your car?
I have to be careful not to sound condescending in this thread.  But my friends have organized a virtual social hour, where we meet through video conference platforms and share a drink and our thoughts.  Oddly enough, we should’ve done this a long time ago, because many of us are out of state and haven’t kept up with each other.  Just a suggestion.  Not meant to be condescending or belittling in any form or fashion.
Can you do live video on Facebook, or a session in a vrchat type of platform?  Does that even hit the right buttons?
Not just student nurses. Plenty of other health science programs as well.
I'm not sure if you know or care, but I think you may have accidentally responded to a post from a "professional" account with a personal account. Personally I don't say anything on reddit that I wouldn't say to anyone in real life, but I do like the anonymity of reddit.
I hear what you are saying and I’m saying it’s not my damn fault that the hospitals are low on PPE. I’m dealing with hundreds of customers that could all be possibly infected with no mask at all every single day. I also make 13 damn dollars an hr. And didn’t sign up to be essential.  Medical field people know what they are getting into when they sign up.   So to me given the choice I would gladly switch places with him for that kind of money.
For what it’s worth, I thought this was an honest question. Guess people are a little on edge
Why don't you watch youtube videos on how not to be condescending?
Very true. Really any program that needs in-person training.
Thank you for taking notice of this — I really appreciate it!
But you have zero idea if you ACTUALLY come into any contact with the virus.  My husband doesn’t have that luxury. The aren’t asking for much.. just some PPE. Just like when somebody signs up for the military that doesn’t mean they have to be excited or happy to be going off to war. No one signs up for anything ,if they knew they’re going to be in a war without the correct PPE  If you want to be mad at anybody be mad at these selfish entitled people that are continuing to come shop and act like everything is normal instead of staying home.
It was.  They have plenty of time to watch TV, claims boredom and doesn't have money.  Might as well watch YouTube videos instead.  YouTube is a fantastic resource for stuff like this.  Spending a couple of days diagnosing the problem, with the help of youtube, borrowing tools from neighbors and then buying the part from rockauto.com would save them 2x-10x whatever it would cost to have a mechanic do the job.  Assuming it's not a bearing inside the engine or transmission..  Some jobs are best left to the professionals.
Please explain how a suggestion that would save this person money and give them something to do in their downtime is condescending?
How’s that condescending lmao
It was just a suggestion to help you solve your problem and get you out of your current "unemployed, broke and bored" state.
I completely agree that they need to have all the appropriate PPE.   Im pissed at the fact that they closed the beaches but I still can be around hundreds of people all day.   I’m pissed that they are going to kill every small business that had to just be shut down with no warning.   I’m super pissed at these people bitching about how boring quarantine is while they are getting paid for the whole time.   I’m also super pissed at all the people at my work taking advantage of the system and getting a moth paid off for having fucking asthma.   I really do hate that nurses and drs are having to do their job without the appropriate PPE but they also get paid extremely well. So don’t give me that shit.    This whole situation sucks. Everyone is on edge. I can tell I’m more stressed than ever and it’s because of my job and I’m thankful I still have one but lately I’m hearing more and more of people getting paid more to chill at home than they make going to work. This should never be the case but I hear it every single day
Well some people have no tools or technical knowledge so maybe they can't do it on their own.  Kind of like how im always missing my 10mm sockets.
Thats just the way it came across to me. Like, that's just my opinion man.
🙌🙌
I will admit that technical things generally come "easy" to me.  But with the vast amount of information available today, it's difficult for me to understand how someone can't learn something that they want to learn.    I get that some people just don't care, but that's not the same thing as not being able to.  The guy/gal literally said they were bored and broke.  YouTube University seems like a logical solution to both of those issues.  He/she may even find a new skill that they enjoy doing and can use to make money.  A good mechanic can make a lot of money.  According to the pizza place yesterday they can't get enough delivery people to keep up with demand.  There's an in demand job, but it requires a working car.
Well, there are also some problems that can't be fixed without a specialty tool or three, but most problems can be fixed with a $20 toolset and a handful of youtube videos.  PS, I actually have a spare 10mm socket.  Do you need it?  :)
You too?
again, serious question.  How do I rephrase what was intended to be a "helpful" suggestion so that it is not condescending.  I'm not much of one for small talk or bullshitting around, so these pleasantries and niceties aren't something that I'm good at.
Ok ok we get it, you're a rugged individual.
Those suckers are worth their weight in gold when dealing with an import car! Always seems to come up missing when I need it though and when I don't that damn little bugger is right there.
I don't know. There is so little room for inflection in text. I just read it that way.
Good morning, sunshine!
More like gloomy morning.  Good day to work on a vehicle!
I’ve somehow accidentally given up working on cars as a hobby.  I miss my car projects. Although I did just finish upgrading the speakers in my wife’s Jeep, that’s not much of a project though.    I started building a stand up desk that I’ve been wanting to make for a while now.  Just need to weld the second set of legs, find a top for it and paint the frame before it rusts.    Are you working on anything?
I have to replace the window regular on our main  vehicle.  At some point.  I've got a week and im feeling lazy today.  Work in the garden too but thats just a relaxing daily hobby.

New Hanover County grocery store worker tests positive for COVID-19

I mean is this honestly shocking??
14 paid days off? Then fucked for the rest of the time it takes to recover?
Yeah, this town is definitely ready to be reopened.
Rumors say there’s more than one person who has it at that store...
yikes
Deep fried okra is the best just had to say luv the name lol
They could at least say what their role is. Cashier? Stocker? Produce? I shopped there twice in the past week. Good grief.
Man... Publix was already losing money (I assume) in their push to establish themselves here. They might end up hurting quite a bit.
No
I'm surprised they even got that and didn't have to use their own PTO or beg coworkers to use theirs.
1 word. Unemployment
oh that's almost certainly the case. it's just so hard to get tested!! i work at a different grocery store in town, and my coworkers and i feel like it's only a matter of time before it starts spreading around there too, but people will keep working because we only get PTO if we successfully test positive. it's a whole mess.
i heard 6
Good luck
Would knowing the department Really make you feel better?  If you go out in public you put yourself at risk.  These grocery stores workers are on the front line everyday interacting with 100s of people for shit pay, and here you are putting yourself first.
I’m just happy to know where to stay away from.
It doesn’t matter. Everyone mingles. The person probably hops around the store and helps out where needed.
Seriously! I've been there recently and I have no idea if I'd come into contact with the confirmed positive or anyone who was around them. I also have an autoimmune disorder. Any information would be fucking super.
You don’t have to take my word, but I can assure you they are not losing money
I had to go to the one in porters neck last week, and it was slamming busy. I was shocked at how many people were there.
Do they really need to release anything that would break HIPAA, though? If Costco can call when there's a recall on a product we bought three months ago, one would think a grocery store could somehow get phone numbers for the people who at least used a debit card/credit card to be like, hey... quarantine?
You are going into a store that serves 100s of (if not more) people a day. What did you think would happen? All grocery stores in Wilmington have become bottle necks for people gathering. If you are high risk, use instacart or get a friend to help you.
Huh. I'll take your word! The one in Pine Valley is always dead.
Grocery stores have been breaking records during this.
We’re you calling yourself an idiot? Because you sound like one.
I take the precautions that have been provided by my rheumatologist, including wearing a mask and washing my hands. Unfortunately, some things are necessities (like prescriptions) and I can't get certain prescriptions without being physically there with my ID.
Yeah, I know. I was just surprised because that publix is usually dead.
It also isn’t difficult to spout a bunch of rehearsed feel-good bullshit. Are you gonna come take care of me when I’m sick? No? Oh, putting yourself first then. Selfish!
I understand that Costco has a membership and can more easily track and reach out. I'm also aware that Publix has piloted a new rewards program, as have most grocery stores, and that those programs require a phone number or email address to sign up. They also have payment information for those who use a credit card, debit card, or check.   It's not outside the realm of possibility for a company to contact you if you've been in the store at a time the confirmed case has been. It's also not outside the realm of possibility that improvements are possible and could/should be talked about as the opportunity presents itself.
We’re being downvoted by the Virtue-signaling crowd for asking real questions.
AFAIK, CDC guidelines for social distancing require that one leaves their home for necessary purposes - two of which are grocery shopping and medically necessary appointments or picking up medication. I'm also aware that there's reports that COVID-19 can travel further in the air than previously anticipated and survives on surfaces for quite a while.  Regardless, it looks like you may be in healthcare, so if you have other recommendations or resources, I'd love to read them and do more to protect myself and the community. As much as I don't want to get sick, I don't want to get anyone else sick or burden our healthcare system at a time when it really can't afford that
Oh so you’re in healthcare and shaming people for being concerned they might have been exposed. I hope you don’t end up taking care of me!
What a crock. It wouldn’t have any impact on a specific person to at least say whether or not it was someone who walked throughout the whole store touching the products on shelves or stayed in one area, like the meat section or pharmacy. No one is asking for or expects names to be released.   Also, I am not ashamed for being concerned for my wellbeing or wanting answers. I have a family too with older parents I don’t want to expose. So if you think you’re doing some good deed by arguing with a stranger on the internet, you’re not. Bye!

Retired Jacksonville Marine recounts near death battle with COVID-19


COVID-19


UPDATE: Coronavirus projections for NC; unemployment insurance; U.S. Corps of Engineers - Sen. Jeff Jackson
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/j5ep0c7839q41.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a99c6649b9d0aadf4587837743a440666a720bb8**CURRENT STATS (as of 4/1 at 2:00 p.m.)**1,600+ cases26,000+ tests completed200+ hospitalizations10 deathsNC has roughly 2,800 ventilators (more on the way) with 2,100 currently available[The bend at the top looks encouraging but it might just be because we only have half a day's data right now.](https://preview.redd.it/dm1tdc6939q41.png?width=1365&format=png&auto=webp&s=b036e4c0c81e4e4a771b7326d4e8ec4fadb9b4b9)**HOW BAD WILL THIS BE IN NC?**There’s a new estimate of how bad this is likely to get in NC and I want to share it with you - not because I’m certain it’s completely accurate, but because it’s the best effort that’s been made public and it gives us at least a sense of what we’re in for.&#x200B;[Source: Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation](https://preview.redd.it/vyh2qgxb39q41.jpg?width=750&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=17fa972eb9ae7d4d761a2086cf3f217707893fb1)This is a chart of the expected demand for ICU beds in North Carolina and it basically says that if we keep doing what we’re doing - keep schools and non-essential businesses closed and keep our stay home order in place - then we’re going to hit peak infection in late April.The dotted line shows that we may be on course to exceed our ICU bed capacity (which is actually a little bit higher than this chart depicts - we've got about 800 currently available). But the shaded area is essentially the margin of error for the prediction, so we’ve got a wide range between not exceeding capacity and dramatically exceeding it - which would mean a spike in the mortality rate.What does this tell us? It tells us **we still have the time and ability** to minimize the loss of life in our state.To be blunt: We are not going to have widespread testing. There are lots of reasons for that - none of which have to do with our state and all of which have to do with the federal response - but it’s a reality. We’re still using tests and they're very important, but we're not going to test our way out of this like South Korea did. We just didn't get enough test kits fast enough.But - despite that major setback - it’s still possible to minimize the loss of life in our state by making sure we don’t max out the ICU beds. We just have to take social distancing very seriously for the next several weeks. In this model, OUR BEHAVIOR is the biggest variable. How seriously WE take this will ultimately determine the mortality rate.**Quick List*** We’ve only received 17% of the PPE that we requested from the federal government. That’s not good, and it’s why we’re sourcing from everywhere we can find and working with North Carolina manufacturers to switch production to PPE if at all possible.* The state’s unemployment insurance website and call center are still facing a nightmarish traffic jam as they get slammed with 50x the normal traffic, but we are adding servers and contracted with an additional call center to help field calls. If you’re having serious trouble, please fill out this customer contact form: [https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form](https://des.nc.gov/customer-contact-form).* Regarding the federal unemployment benefit that just passed, it will be administered by the state. We’re still waiting on implementation guidance from the federal Department of Labor, at which point benefits will be paid in about two weeks. Independent contractors and people who are self-employed will qualify for the federal benefit - they do not currently qualify for the state benefit. I know the state website isn’t set up to receive applications from people who are contractors or self-employed and that’s part of what we need to fix. If you fall into this category, just file the application as best you can.* Gov. Cooper’s new executive order means no one can shut off your electricity, gas, or water for at least the next 60 days.* The U.S. Corps of Engineers is helping us scout for places that could be used as hospital expansions.* We've launched a hotline to help critical workers connect with child care (888-600-1685).STAY STRONG. We can do this.More updates soon,Sen. Jeff Jackson
Thank you for the information, Senator! We appreciate the updates.
Excellent job on keeping us informed. Thank you.
Nobody seems to be taking this seriously at all.  There were hella people in Lowe's today buying mulch and plants and bs.  They weren't contractors either.  Seems like it's going to get a lot worse here before it gets better.
Thank you for keeping us informed!
Great numbers and information to have, thank you for sharing them here. Can anyone explain why the number of beds needed is a dotted line indicating a known quantity and number of beds available is a shaded area representing a projection. Am I reading the display wrong?
Thank you for providing these updates. Thank you for taking this seriously.  You bring honor to your work.
Thank you. You’ve provided a great service to the people of NC and I would like to thank you.
thank you for this information!
The number of bed available is the solid line across around 600 (though he says it’s actually close to 800).  The dotted line is the best projection of the number of beds we’ll possibly need.  The shaded area represents the potential that we could need way more if this thing gets out of hand.  That’s my understand, anyway.  Edit to say, the shaded area also indicates we might not need as many beds if it’s really kept under control. It represents either possibility.

Wilmington pastor may be one of Southeastern North Carolina’s first coronavirus deaths

They don’t test for colds. A shame for her and her family, but by trying to play down what happened to her it’s just going to cause more issues. Everyone that has been near her should self quarantine immediately.

The coronavirus hoax: Event 201 conspiracy, deceit, and the New World Order

I guess my family friend dying of COVID-19 is also a hoax? fuck all the way off troll.
Username checks out. You’re being paranoid if you actually believe that the Coronavirus is a hoax. Stay inside, wash your hands, and practice social distancing.
Removed. Don't post shit like this again.
I'm not clicking a link from (nowtheendbegins.com).
Seems like a reputable source. Fuck off idiot. Find a better lie to obsess about. Weirdo.
People is defiantly getting sick, but the origins around the sickness is the hoax. Sorry about ur friend.
Nah, the details surrounding the origin of it is the hoax. I'm not saying people arent getting sick, but the facts that's out there are incorrect.
Good mod
imagine being on this much meth

Petition for Outer Banks nude beach circles internet in wake of coronavirus


Petition for Outer Banks clothing-optional beach circles internet in wake of coronavirus


Leader reopenNC pretests; positive for coronavirus :: WRAL.com


