Charlotte, NC free COVID-19 testing available


COVID-19 Travel Testing
Hello Everyone,I'm traveling abroad soon and the airlines require a COVID PCR Test performed within 96 hours of the flight departure. I've tried looking it up online but have been unsuccessful. Does anyone know of any testing locations that are performing COVID tests for travelers, or people with no symptoms? So far, I've only been able to find locations which provide testing for people who are experiencing COVID symptoms. &#x200B;I will greatly appreciate your help, thanks!&#x200B;Regards,
Passport Health.
starmed.care  Super quick and simple.
Thanks for the reply!

Sycamore Brewing in South End closed for now because worker's relative has COVID-19

Hang up those rompers y'all, Sycamore needs a break.
I’ve never been there personally, but I’m a big fan of the what they sell at Harris Teeter. Are post grad finance bros their normal patrons or something?
Damn, and I just got my pink Vinyard Vines mask to match my shorts and aviators.
ughhh now where am I going to wear my boat shoes, croakeys and park my 4runner!
Not from the people that pack in there like sardines every night?
Hate it for that worker and their family, but not at all unhappy that Sycamore is shutting down. When a place welcomes in those kinds of crowds with that little social distancing/mask wearing going on, they bare some responsibility for the situation we're in right now.
Where are me and my bros going to drink extremely below subpar beer now?!
garbage beer and garbage patrons.
I think the private gentrification dog bar opens this weekend right across the street so all the displaced yuppies bust out the $300 for a membership there.
I'll take my salmon-colored 5" inseam shorts elsewhere!
Sycamore Beer isn't bad and they have something for everyone. Top that with the fact its 95% outdoors and they regularly had large events pre-covid, its one of the most popular breweries for yuppies in South End. This subreddit jokes about it a lot and rightfully so because you do see those stereotypes, but its a pretty fun place when there isn't a pandemic.
Jokes aside, there are a lot of Sycamore beers I like a lot. It's even a fun place to hang out and really nice that it is right off the light rail.  The week day crowds are much different than the weekend ones too!
IMO they make one decent beer and I never see it at HT or Publix.
Sycamore feels like a brewery trying to make better beer (they used to be terrible, now they are pretty decent and increasingly great) but their largest clientele base is charitably described as basic af.  I think Sycamore wants to make great craft beer, but their customers probably find Truly Seltzer "too spicy". I think that kinda holds back their R&D and hope the expanded venue allows for the generic beers and some more adventurous stuff.
I hate sycamore and still feel personally attacked
At home hopefully
Indirectly, probably so.
5 inch inseam?   3 inches are in now.  Get on our level broseph.
I feel personally attacked....I don't go to Sycamore but the wife likes some guy-thigh and who am I to say no?
cot damn, pretty sure my old ass balls would be hanging out
If you got it, flaunt it.

Charlotte Area COVID-19 Metrics Continue to Improve

This is great news. Two things especially stood out to me: 1) Positive test rate continues to trend downward (Aug 22 was 4.9%!) 2) Hospitalizations have decreased from above 200 to around 130 in just one month, a decrease of about 33% which is great news for healthcare workers.  The big thing with the positive test rate is that 5% is the threshold for moving to Phase 3. If we can continue to keep it low, it's possible we could move to Phase 3 soon. If you want bars and gyms back, that is the number to keep an eye on. We'll have to keep it consistently below 5% over a period of a few weeks though for anything to happen.  One other thing I noticed is that our social distancing index is at it's lowest point since lockdowns started. Some of it I'm guessing is related to school starting back up, but I'm sure also just people tired of doing the work. It'll be interesting to see if the other metrics continue to drop, or if less social distancing will lead to a resurgence which is being seen in other parts of the state (looking at you Chapel Hill)
   * About 1 in 20 reported cases were hospitalized due to their COVID-19 infection. While everyone is at risk for severe COVID-19 complications, reported cases who were older adults (≥ 60 years) were more likely to be hospitalized compared to younger individuals.    * About 3 out of 4 have met CDC criteria to be released from isolation.    * During the past week, an average of 120 laboratory confirmed infections were reported similar to the 14-day average of 122 confirmed infections. These data are based on Mecklenburg resident cases reported to MCPH.    * During the past week, an average of 145 individuals with laboratory confirmed COVID-19 infections were hospitalized at acute care facilities in Mecklenburg County.  **Overall this represents a decrease over the last 14 days.** These data are based on daily census counts from acute care facilities in Mecklenburg County reporting to MCPH.    * During the past week, an average of 6.4 percent of individuals who were tested in Mecklenburg County were positive for COVID-19. **This represents a decrease over the last 14 days.** These data only include tests conducted by Atrium Health, Novant Health, CVS Health and Walgreens when available. Reporting of negative results to MCPH is not required or covered by communicable disease reporting laws. MCPH will include results from other providers and laboratories as accurate, consistent and timely reporting mechanisms are established.
Might be a dumb question but if we had 111 new positives yesterday and 2,626 tests administered that is a 4.2% positive rate and not 6.2% the graph of % positive shows.    Or is there some lag associated to the math?  I haven't been following the stats that closely up to now just looked at the slope of the 7 day average.
I wonder if any of this is taking into account that the CDC is now recommending that those who have been exposed to those who are positive don't have to get tested if they don't have symptoms.
Given that the social distancing indexes aren’t improving (in fact, they appear to be getting worse), yet cases and hospitalizations are going down, it begs the question whether there’s some type of herd immunity like effect beginning to come into play here.
Encouraging news. If we can continue to show some cautious restraint in the coming weeks, maybe we’ll finally glimpse that glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel soon. Thanks for posting.
Union County has outbreaks in multiple schools. 3 elementary schools are closed due to outbreaks (zero media coverage or community communication, school district is sweeping it under the rug).   -Weddington Elementary (closed 2 weeks due to Covid) -Union Day School (closed 2 weeks due to Covid) -Poplin Elementary (closed 2 weeks due to Covid) -positive cases at Weddington Middle & Weddington High
Good, open the gyms!
Unfortunately we won’t hit 5% any time soon with the college campuses opening and driving up positivity.   I don’t like how NC does their daily positivity, each day appears to be weighted the same no matter how many tests are completed.
I'm not sure exactly what's happening in this data but sometimes the calcs are done based on "date reported" and sometimes they're done based on "specimen collection date" so the positive test rate may not be on the same basis as the total reported cases/tests.
That's going to cause our positivity to definitely go up if asymptomatic people that don't have symptoms but potentially exposed are no longer getting tested
Stop what you're doing its working!
Yeah the political pressure to reopen is intense.  The CDC just announced a new advisory that people who have had recent significant exposure to COVID but are asymptomatic do NOT need to get tested.   https://www.cnn.com/2020/08/26/health/cdc-guidelines-coronavirus-testing/index.html
By that logic we won’t ever be able to stop.
Reverse everything so I can do something I could do outside or in my home by myself!
You can fuck right off with your high horse comment. Clearly you don’t know just how much prices have inflated or just how much space a home gym takes up. Feel free to set up a gym for me to use. Not everyone can access super powers from an imaginary green blossom found in a video game you neck beard fuck
Not really, its not black and white though.  My logic would be we would phase out precautions as cases go down, reopen gyms when cases are lower than when gyms were closed.  Makes sense to weigh the negative effects of precautions vs the benefit.     Wearing masks, very small negative (minor inconvenience) very big benefit, probably one of the last precautions to go. Closing gyms, pretty small negative (overall small part of the economy and plenty of alternatives exist for public health and pretty hard to open safely), medium benefit (who really knows, and probably heavily dependent on the individual gym).    Its like jobs that sent people to work at home when there were 10 cases in charlotte but then go back to the office now. Which scenario is more dangerous then or now? If you closed down then why would you reopen now when its more dangerous.  Also neat username, go pack go
Not everyone can afford a home gym.. not everyone even lives in a house... And where are the barbell trees I can go to outside? Are there dumbbell bushes I can go pick weights from?   I understand the point people are making, but are we really going to draw the line at gyms, which improve the health of people who attend, and not all the crowded restaurants and bars that 'serve food'...   Personally not going to the gym has sent me down a spiral with my mental health and confidence. Cardio just isn't the same.   I feel like all the people who aren't empathizing are the people who never consistently went to the gym.. and use this as an excuse to not.   But I welcome any arguments.. please, tell me why we shouldn't. We're only 1 of 7 states to not open gyms. And sweeden never closed down at all and is doing fine.   I really just do not understand why people hate on gyms so much. I really just do not. :(
The amount of privilege in this comment is astounding. Do you know how expensive it would be to have a home gym, if you could even afford a place with enough room?
You’re on Reddit my friend. Unless it’s a fitness oriented sub, a lot of these folk aren’t going to relate or care about physical fitness and gyms reopening.
Yeah I don’t care how long you keep bars, etc. closed but please open up fitness centers, even at reduced capacity hours, etc something. The gym is a self care thing for me. Even my apartment gym is closed.
Even more expensive with everything so scarce right now
Wow. To think exercising requires a gym and/or home gym equipment. Talk about privilege in this comment.
Stunning and brave Bro. Squatting on the toilet doesn’t count, and neither does clean n jerking your gym bro’s
 Your comment clearly suggested that you could work out at home the same way that you can work out in a gym. Weight training is not "something I could do outside or in my home by myself" unless you have an incredible amount of money or space. The exercise that you can do outside is wildly different from the kind that you can do with real equipment
I never said you could do EXACTLY what you do at a gym at home without equipment. I totally enjoyed the gym when I had an apartment where it was included. A few years ago I moved into a house where I do not have space so I found alternatives...and that was pre-pandemic.  I don't know if you know, but we've been in quite a pickle since March. Everyone should do their part to stop the spread. Even if that means getting a little less swole.
Because it’s not just my problem you fuck. It’s bigger than me, I’m advocating for friends, families, business owners and the like. If restaurants can be open, then so can gyms. Stop obsessing over what I am or am not doing
First off, by saying "something I could do outside or in my home by myself", you absolutely were saying that home workouts are at least CLOSE to gym workouts. They simply aren't.  More importantly, "everyone doing their part" would certainly involve being in good shape, since this virus has very different outcomes based on obesity rates. I would say that the 42% of Americans who are obese are the ones who are actually not doing their part, as opposed to the far smaller percentage who actually bother to take some personal responsibility for their health.  EDIT: Edited the first paragraph for clarity
A quick scroll through your post history and subreddits you participate in easily confirms that we will wouldn't agree on many things.   Let's both just hope this ends soon so life can get back to normal.
Ya? Sorry to trigger you. If it’s that easy then make it happen for me. Go ahead mr bigmad, prove yourself
Fair enough and we probably wouldn't.  But remember, I'm not the one who supports keeping life from going back to normal.

Coronavirus cases on the rise for young people in Mecklenburg, records show

My husband works at a very popular restuarant here and they have had 4 confirmed cases in the past week.     It will definitely keep climbing because a lot of young people also work low paying, customer facing jobs. Its a no win situation when its safe enough for me to work in a restuarant but not safe enough for me to see friends. The mixed messaging will be the death of us all.
People 20-39 account for 44% of Mecklenburg County's cases (up from 31.6% in April). All other demographics have deceased since April. Do you think people in that age group aren't afraid of getting it (i.e. if they get it, they'll just get sick and get better), or do you think they're just over living with restrictions? My attitude is that it sucks, but if we don't get through it together, people who don't comply and aren't careful end up spreading it and before long, we'll have more restrictions (like the new alcohol bans) not fewer...
Not surprising since South End is open and packed like nothing is going on.
I am 28 years old (in Forsyth not Meck county). I got COVID over a month ago. I spent 8 days sick at home, 9 days in ICU, and have been home on oxygen for 2 weeks, with no end in sight for getting off oxygen. Also, my memory is screwed up, I call it COVID brain. Covid Is real and can affect anyone and you can’t know how you will be affected.
FWIW new cases and positive rates are definitely down in the last 2-4 weeks in Meck and NC, probably due to mask wearing.
[Outline link](https://outline.com/cCXuf7) for those who want it.
just nuke south end and get it over with
Inb4 "bUt yOunG pEoPle aRe nOT aT rIsK"  How many of these people go to stores where they interact with older customer service workers or visit with the parents/grandparents? And, even if they don't interact with anyone at risk, they still help the virus by giving it another vector to spread to other people who might.
What do you guys on the front lines feel about mandating more strict mask wearing? It seems like the restaurant and brewery workers are by far the most at stake bc people don't wear them at tables and aren't consistent about wearing them to bathrooms inside when they're eating/drinking outside.
My opinion has shifted on this. At the beginning it made sense for everyone to lock down to buy us time, flatten the curve and learn more about the virus. Also, early on there was hope of containing and controlling the virus by scaling up testing and tracing.  Now, however, it is lost cause. Testing and tracing have become ineffective because of the long testing turnaround times and because tracers cannot keep up with the volume. So, essentially, our government leaders have chosen a strategy of achieving herd immunity rather than containment.  So, based on this policy choice, I think it's ok for young people to go back to their normal lives and get the virus, if that's what they want to do.  Yes, they put the rest of the community at risk but remember they only do that for the short time they are sick. Once they recover, they become immune and provide a benefit to the community. In other words, young people are sacrificing themselves so that we can achieve herd immunity faster.  This may sounded twisted but this is the decision our political leaders made by not shutting down strictly enough, not shutting down long enough, not funding testing and tracing early enough and allowing unemployment benefits to expire. We chose the herd immunity route. And you can't fault young people for that decision. It was a decision that our political leaders made, even our state and local ones that were supposed to be more enlightened than the Republicans.  The bottom line is that young people are not to blame for our failures. The only thing I would advocate is that young people keep within their social bubble and not mix with older people, like their parents. Let them build herd immunity without their social groups without putting other people at risk.
How are places like Rock Box still open? It seems like COVID would spread like crazy in that tight space (thinking mainly the reception area) with no masks and people breathing heavily after working out?
What restaurant? They should be closed down immediately
I’ve talked to a number of 20 somethings that work in the local restaurant business:  a couple things I’ve noticed, stories about masks being used only when those are around (I.e back room kitchen no mask), no mask when customers aren’t around silly since it still stays in the air.  I hear them say again and again that they just accept that they’re going to get it and it seems as such they take less precautions, they take some but the adoption of mask and social distancing seems on the general to be adopted late and haphazardly applied.  I say this because I see this group at our apartment pool and I hear them talk about getting beach houses and going as a group to the mountains other neighbors in that age range (of which I am not I’m gen x) also talk about going to the lake at a crowded bar and how theres “no corona” there and various other fox trump speaking points.  It’s really disheartening to hear this when I’ve been social distancing since April and paying the toll that can take on one mentally even with a balanced approach it’s no less a struggle.  This will likely continue until people take this seriously consistently in which case I think it will continue to get worse before it gets better unfortunately.
I'm sure it's a combination of several things. Like you said, people in this age group might feel like they're invincible or like the potential risks aren't worth the boredom of staying home/distant. But I think there's also something to be said for the fact that a lot of our essential workers (those who work retail/grocery/food service, for example) come from this age group. I'm in my 20's, and while my own job is able to be done remote, I can easily name a bunch of my friends/family members who are around my age and have to physically show up to work, exposing themselves to the masses.    Off the top of my head, I've got:   1 librarian  2 mechanics   1 housekeeper   1 line cook   4 retail workers (including grocery stores in "retail")  2 baristas   1 vet tech  1 preschool teacher (the school is back up and running)   And I'm sure I could name more if I really dig deep and think of *everyone* I know. This is purely anecdotal, of course, but be I would be surprised if it isn't a factor at all.
They account for a total of 3 deaths as of last reporting (death rate of ~.03%).  This trend is likely due to a low mortality rate not spooking them and also lots of essential workers being in this demographic. Also, the latest reporting suggested 30% of cases are younger Hispanics who likely live in confined spaces with several other family members and also work in industries where they probably come into contact with others living in similar spaces.   I think the recent trends reflect an increase in mask wearing and I hope that continues.
That’s a lot of deaths... all other demographics!
A lot of my friends have gotten a little selfish with it and said they’ll survive covid if they get it. Which may be true. So they’ve just given up on the restrictions, started going out to bars again, hanging in mass groups, etc...
What percentage of the overall population is 20-39?
I’m in the 20-39 demographic and have gone out almost every weekend in South End and haven’t gotten sick
I think it’s more the fact that the 20-39 age bracket makes up a disproportionate number of “essential workers”, so they’re less able to stay at home.
It's very frustrating...!!
What are you talking about? I wasn't in town this weekend, so maybe everything changed in the last few days, but South End has been a ghost town for months. Brickyard and Slate are closed; Gin Mill is basically empty. Who in the hell is acting like nothing is going on?
Not correct for the 4 week case. New cases, percent positive, and hospitalizations are flat for NC, no decline. Still better news than increasing, but no decline. I check the COVID dashboard every day.  For the past 2 weeks, yes, definite decline, but I don't think 2 weeks is largely long enough to draw any conclusions.
No no no! The Dunavant is there and it’s my favorite place to eat.
How many of these people are the front line essential workers? This spike was expected when the older demographics were able to stay home from work as they weren’t essential or were retired.
But what about the teachers? God help the teachers!
Except not all old and at risk people people can stay in a bubble and stay away from others. A significant amount of people who are at risk, old or not, are forced to work at jobs that put them at risk and if more people are just going around like normal then that creates more vectors for them to get infected.   I know several people in their 60s and 70s who need to work part time service jobs to make ends meet and I have friends and relatives who are immunocompromised who are forced to work as well.
We don't actually know they become immune. This is such a huge fucking point and if they do we don't know how long it lasts. Many immunities last only months. And for herd immunity to actually work you need like 60% of the population to catch it. Hospitals are already barely keeping up and we need multiples time the amount of people catching covid a day to get to herd immunity within a year. And that's ignoring the growing body of evidence that covid survivors have major long term health issues, especially of the heart.  Don't fuckinh give up, do your part, stay safe as best you can and pray we get a vaccine sooner rather then later.
Young adults can, and should, be expected to have a modicum of common sense, self-control, and consideration for the larger world around them. Wearing a mask and social distancing is not fucking rocket science.  Fact is, there are too many pampered, irresponsible, self-absorbed, politically naive, medically illiterate, entitled little snowflake Americans. It’s pretty damn pathetic. I agree though, contain the stupidity within their social circles and let natural selection thin this herd of prima donnas down. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Oh well.   At the end of the day, we can lay this at Donald Trump’s feet though. These idiots have essentially taken their cues from that idiot. His presidency has been a colossal failure of epic proportions. And he’s a disgusting human being to boot.
Tons of places, including grocery stores have Covid cases. There 20,000+ in Meck county. It’s everywhere. No way to close places with a case — just test, clean, clean, clean and keep going. Positive results are sent home for 14 day quarantine.
Warehouse workers (specifically amazon for me)
Pretty large in CLT- we are a very young city (esp compared to north east).
THAT YOU KNOW OF.  There are a significant number of people that get Covid-19 and don't show symptoms. If that happens, you're still able to spread the disease to others, and those people can then have symptoms (such as respiratory issues that can lead to death).  You also may be asymptomatic after getting Covid, just for a few days before you start showing symptoms. In that time, you're still able to transmit the disease to others.  So unless you got tested and it came back clean (and you've self-isolated between the time the test was done and the time you got the results back), you really just don't know if you're a carrier (especially if you're in a less at-risk category, since then you'd be less likely to show symptoms).  So please just stay home, and help us reduce the number of cases so we can get back to normal sooner. The mask mandate is helping, but masks don't completely stop the spread.
Agreed. -  But if both essential workers AND those they service wear masks, the positive numbers plummet. Its been proven all around the globe.  ....That being said, 9/10 people you find in a bar or any social gathering with strangers this weekend at night are in that age range.
Check the post on this sub about Big Ben, or drive by any brewery. If you’re just looking at South End Station you’ll get a different picture since most of those spots are closed.
Sycamore, Suffolk, Old Meck, QC Pourhouse, Victory, Queen City Social, Big Ben, Wooden Robot, Triple C and Unknown all come to my mind as open in South End... There are probably a few more. The Speakeasy under Manchester is also open...
I have a buddy who’s been going out. Pretty sure the beer garden is even open.
I've noticed the same thing. Did none of these people go out before Covid? The places I've checked out are adhering to the 50% capacity from what I can tell. And in general, anywhere I've gone is pretty reasonably populated indoors.   I was in Asheville this weekend visiting in-laws, and there are lines to get into places, but mostly because they're strictly limiting the number of people in a restaurant/breweries. Also, mostly putting people outside and one place was taking the temperature of everyone who dined inside.   [Outdoor transmission isn't really a concern](https://www.sfgate.com/science/article/China-study-suggests-outdoor-transmission-of-15229649.php). People just want something to be self-righteous about. This Gestapo reporting is getting old. Maybe they'll get a commendation from the governor for the great work they do in protecting people from themselves.
I was out a few weeks ago in South End and there was, literally, a flip cup party happening on the side walk across from RailYard; 20-30 people, no masks. Even the Tuesday night bikers still come out; it is anything but a ghost town in SouthEnd. Breakers was even rocking the other day. Technically it looked like everybody there was following rules. Not making judgements one way or another but people are out & about here for sure.
Might have missed [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/i2i2mg/big_ben_pub_south_end_last_night_free_covid_with/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf).  I’ve seen QC pour house jam packed after phase 2 started when going by my old apartment too.
? Statewide, percent positive is down from about 10% to 7%. New cases are down by about 200/day.  Not dramatic drops but there has been a steady, noticeable trend.
I imagine a good deal of them are working in service jobs and other positions where they can't stay home. However, a lot of them don't and they're continuing to have house parties, go to bars, and generally ignore social distancing. Several younger people I know who work in the finance industry have been able to work from home since March yet still hang out with friends every night and go drinking and partying every weekend. Other friends I know work at department stores and restaurants out of necessity and try to avoid unnecessary exposure.. It's a mixture of both that are contributing to the rise; however, one is because they are supporting themselves and the other are selfish entitled pricks.  Also I think it's important mentioning that a lot of people working in jobs in the service industry are older people who don't have a choice. I know several myself who are terrified of having to decide to starve and lose their home or put themselves at risk of the virus.
Teachers likely won’t have to go into schools this school year unless there’s a vaccine / treatment that drives the rates down or makes it much less serious when contracted.
Well, let's put it this way. If we are going to lock down and contain the virus, then everyone has to do, not just a select few. That's part of the social contract. Why should one person socially distance, when others are out having a good time partying?  We are asking young people to refrain from socializing while continuing to serve us in low-paid jobs that put them at risk. And then we are asking them to do this indefinitely,  until herd immunity is achieved, either naturally or with a vaccine. That's not fair. If I'm going to sacrifice, I want it to be meaningful and effective.  I don't want to socially isolate if our strategy is doomed to failure no matter what I do. I'm not actually a young person, but that's the way I would think of it.   It's the same with climate change and any other  issue. Why should I give up my SUV if everyone else gets to drive their SUVs? At some point fairness requires that we all sacrifice for the good of the whole, not just a select few. And if society decided not to enforce laws to protect the whole, then why should I sacrifice my own well being for what is essentially a lost cause?  With that said, if I were a young person, i would certainly avoid visiting nursing homes or parents, if I were out partying. I would also wear a mask in a grocery store or other places where non-consenting adults could be exposed to my droplets.   However, I do believe that there is some value in younger people achieving herd immunity. If a young person can get that immunity without spreading it, then they are actually a net positive to society. Of course, that is easier said than done. The person could be asymptomatic and spreading it. But still we shouldn't completely dismiss the value of certain demographics achieving herd immunity. After all, that is the strategy we've chosen, whether we like it or not.
While we don’t have conclusive evidence yet, there is increasing evidence that T-cell immunity is much longer lasting and more widespread in the population than the antibody tests would suggest. Many epidemiologists theorize that a big chunk of the population may already be immune based on exposure to other related coronaviruses. There are even credible theories that unknown but harmless coronaviruses have circulated widely in the population, building up T-cell immunity. And T-cell immunity lasts much longer than antibodies, which tend to quickly diminish.  So, there are credible theories that we could reach herd immunity with only 20% of the population contracting COVID. It is interesting to note that cases and death rates have been declining in Sweden despite the absence of lockdown measures. Some theorize that Sweden has already reached herd immunity.  In any case, none of this is proven yet but it is credible and even probable, at least to some extent. It is unlikely that immunity would only last for a few months and that COVID would continuously circle around again and again through the population.
That’s a lot of vitriolic generalizations packed in there. I would venture a guess that most young people in Charlotte do not support Trump. And I think they have a tough road ahead. I would hardly call them snowflakes. The uncomfortable reality is that we have Democrat governors and mayors around the country that have failed just as badly as Trump has to control the virus. Your explanations are facile and not very convincing. Think harder.
So people that demographically mostly didn't vote for Trump are taking their cues from him. Got it.
In fact, I have gotten tested twice (about 6 weeks apart) since I started going out again. Both results came back within a day and both results were negative :) i haven’t gotten an antibody test yet, should I be worried about spreading those too Dr. Danimal?
I've been to Suffolk, Old Meck, and Wooden Robot. They ae open, but they are certainly not "Open and packed like nothing is going on."  I've also been to Big Ben a few times, and it wasn't packed then either, alhough I admit that it was during the day for a soccer game. I haven't been at night and have only seen the post from a few days ago. Not sure if it's like that all the time or only occasionally.
It is
Fun bar. I’ve been a couple times since they reopened and have had a great time. Can’t imagine how their workers were making ends meet during the shutdown
https://www.mecknc.gov/news/Pages/Mecklenburg-County-COVID-19-Data-for-July-29.aspx  You can see the stats for Mecklenburg. Cases are definitely trending down, but the positive rate, while no longer near the top, are definitely not down to the 7%, but more like 10%.
No, you are cherry picking data.  Please stop.  There may have been a day or two of 10%, but the average has been between 8 - 9% for months.  Look at the chart today, trending back up from 7%.  From the start of the epidemic it's been 8 - 9%, there is no downward trend, just some variation of a couple of days where it's been below that trend line.  And in terms of cases, yes cases has dipped slightly.  You know what else has dipped?  Testing results.  You know what happens every time testing results dip?  They catch up, and suddenly cases go right back up again.  If we see cases drop and testing level, I'll buy it.  But every time testing and cases drop, it has been because there is a backlog in getting the dashboard up to date.  Statistically, there is no sustained downward trend, just levelling.
Actually we do have to report to school starting 8/6 for staff meetings and professional development. Some of that will be virtual, but we are expected to be at school while attending online. We will be having in person staff meetings and training as well. We are being “strongly encouraged” to teach from our classrooms during remote learning unless we can prove to HR we’re at high risk. So teachers with school age children of their own are scrambling for childcare options.
They are so much more important than the other frontline workers. Like the retired guy at Lowe’s loading your flowers or the retired lady putting up with your Karen bullshit at the return desk at Walmart. Or the healthcare staff stitching up your “boyfriend” after a fun night of peaceful anti- fascist protesting.
Social contract has been broken a long fucking time mate. There is no societal agreement on how to manage any kind of crisis, a significant chunk of people simply do not give a fuck about each other in regards to COVID and even more so in regards to climate change. After seeing the shitshow of the last few months I wonder how you can be as optimistic as you appear to be to me.   I personally still believe in taking care of my community and those around me out of principal and have continued to follow all the guidelines, but I don't do it out of some expectation that others will follow suite.  Polling indicates that only around 50-60% of Americans will get the vaccine, with 40% saying they'll refuse it. I don't see how we move forward from this, our country is broken by people's lack of trust in experts and science. Largely because one side of the political spectrum has decided to make those issues partisan and have constantly fed conspiracy theories to fuel it.  As for herd immunity, that requires 70% (200 million) Americans to get infected with the virus and tod develop antibodies. https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/herd-immunity-and-coronavirus/art-20486808  The issue with that is: 1) Young people are at low risk for the virus, but not no. If tens or hundreds or millions of younger Americans get the virus, thousands will still die and many more will suffer from many of the long lasting, primarily neurological, side effects of the virus we are discovering. 2) The antibodies that are in your body after contracting COVID decline after 30 days, meaning that there is a possibility that someone can get re-infected with the virus. This has not had a reliable conclusion as the data is still coming in, but it isn't a foregone conclusion that you're immune forever after getting sick.
And if we are wrong literally millions die. With those stakes you don't bet on herd immunity. And that is ignoring the fact that getting to herd will immunity in a time will overwhelm hospitals. Its simple math based on hospitalization rates. That alone will kill a significant amount of people when they can't get hospital beds for covid or other issues.
News flash: people who didn’t vote—and this is a broadly generalized assumption on your part—still watch the news.
The antibody test is just a different method of testing for Covid, but if you got tested and your results were negative, then at the time it's pretty unlikely that you had Covid. I just mentioned the time between testing and results because some tests take multiple days to get results (or even a week or more, depending on how busy the testing companies have been).  But if you're still going out, you could still contract the virus without knowing it, so continuing to go out will still put other people at risk.
They're doing live music Fri and Sat nights on the back deck at Ben's. Most people are on the lawn on the side. That seems to be a popular spot...at least it's outside, but I wouldn't say people are wearing masks or 6' apart.
I would challenge this conclusion if you look at the latest data.  It appears they just added some additional data points.  What you see is a trend up from 7/1 peaking around 7/17 and then a trend back down.  Since 7/1, there is statistically no support for a downward trend, just basically returning to the mean.  We started July at about a 1500/day 7 day trend case rate and entered August at right around the same 1500/day 7 day trend case rate.  We likely need at least 2 more weeks of continued decline to make a case for decline and not simply noise.  I guess I should say it does make a big difference if you are using 2  or 4 weeks.  2 weeks definitely shows a decline, I'll agree, but is way too short of a period to claim a decline.  4 weeks is roughly flat.
Yes, today there was a jump in % positive, but the number of tests seems suspiciously low, which is likely due to a lag in reporting. I suspect the % positive for today will creep downward as more test results come in.
Good point, and my fault on not thinking about teachers needing to go in. I meant more from the sense of children being in the school but obviously that's still a huge impact to you and your children.  I just saw a tweet that they may still have Pre-K programs in schools and my son got into PRM Pre-K. I think we'll just stick with all remote for now.
There is a gap in your analysis: t-cell immunity. See [https://www.cnn.com/2020/08/02/health/gupta-coronavirus-t-cell-cross-reactivity-immunity-wellness/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/08/02/health/gupta-coronavirus-t-cell-cross-reactivity-immunity-wellness/index.html).  There has been a stream of studies coming out recently, suggesting that antibody tests are not very meaningful because they don't detect t-cell immunity. And there's a pretty good chance that a significant percent of the population already has t-cell immunity derived from other coronaviruses circulating before COVID hit. T-cell immunity also lasts a lot longer, most likely years.  Plus, we have quite a few vaccines already in phase 3 trials, some of which may confer t-cell immunity in addition to antibodies.  The evidence is still evolving and inconclusive.  However, I personally feel that the situation is not as bad a people think. Of course, I don't subscribe the the dismissive philosophy of the right wingers and Trump supporters either. However, the media tends to be a little more gloom-and-doom than the scientific evidence would suggest. By the end of the year, I think we'll have a much better handle on vaccine efficacy and what it will take to reach herd immunity.  Also, the mortality rate is clearly going down, as we get better at treating this. So, that's another reason to be more optimistic.
Well, I think the truth is somewhere in between. I agree that it would be pretty catastrophic if everyone started acting normally and ignored all social distancing protocols. However, that's not going to happen.  All I am really saying is that it is inevitable that young people socially distance less than older people and that is not a bad thing done in moderation. We all have to balance the virus against the need to live our lives. Young people are going to strike that balance a little differently.   It is highly unlikely millions will die, although I wouldn't be surprised if we get up to 300k by the time we reach herd immunity.
It's not broadly generalized, it's based on exit polls from the 2016 election. Most people in that age bracket didn't vote at all and most of those who did didn't vote for Trump.
Don’t worry when I go out I won’t put other people at risk because I’m not sick :)
You're not wrong. The conclusion to draw here certainly isn't that "it's going down and we're doing well", but rather that we're on the right track and we need to do more to finish this.
Um, go back and check the data again.  I'll wait for my apology.  I'm sure I'll be waiting a while.  They literally just updated data.  % positive is now 9% of 8/3.  This is noise.  NC is flat. I wish we were declining.   [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing)
Thanks for sharing. I really wish I could share in your optimism, especially for the sake of my mental health, but I just can't find a silver lining in any of this.
We are already over 200k dead when looking at excess death statistics and that many dying isn't guess work. It's simple math. When you apply the death rate to how many people have to get infected to achieve a theoretical herd immunity and combine that with how how few hospital beds we have in comparison the number is between 2 and 3 million dead. That is why absolutely no one with a medical background is advocating for herd immunity. And it's not about young people. It's about no community responsibility in this country. Basically the rest of the developed world has beaten covid by obeying a proper lockdown then using masks and obeying social distancing. That's all we need to do here, but people are too selfish and too stupid to do it so we have a raging pandemic we shouldn't still have. And our government is too broken to take care if it citizens properly during a lockdown so people have to go back to work now.
Exit polls, schmexit polls. Many people that age did vote. You can delude yourself into pretending you know who they voted for, or whether they voted at all, if you like. Fact of the matter is, Trump and his MAGA dolts have tried to blow this thing off from the beginning, ignoring it, denying it, pretending it would magically disappear, and trying to make it a partisan political issue when it is not, and never was. The reckless, irresponsible behavior of part of the populace is a mirror image of Trump’s reckless, incompetent inability to lead, your delusional bullshit notwithstanding. The man is a moron, and people who are too good to wear a mask or socially distance are entitled little morons too.
Right, you're not sick, until you are. But you won't necessarily know if you are. So if you're going out, you're putting people at risk.
To be clear, I am not advocating herd immunity. I was just saying that herd immunity is the strategy that our political leaders have chosen, across the board, from local democratic majors to Trump. Given that strategy, I think it is naive to ask individual young people to socially isolate themselves indefinitely out of the goodness of their hearts. That's not consistent with our broader policies of sending people back to work and back to school.   The difference between the US and other countries is not stupidity or selfishness but rather the dysfunction of our political system. There are plenty of selfish, stupid people in Europe too but their leaders took action and enforced the rules. That's the difference, along with early, more widespread testing and tracing.   I think Americans are misdirecting their anger based on some viral video of young people partying on the beach or in a bar. Their anger should be directed towards our political leaders. We haven't seen a single protest against our leaders related to the inadequate covid response, yet millions have protested against racism and police brutality. While there are valid reasons to protest racism and police brutality, I find it odd that no one is protesting our covid response, when the damage is far greater in terms of death, inequality and economic losses. And it is universally affecting everyone.   While I would never advocate a strategy for herd immunity, I think we are well on our way there already for better or worse. I also don't want to overstate the damage of herd immunity. I don't think it was a wise choice earlier in this pandemic. I also don't think it is quite a catastrophic as you make it seem.  Like I said in other posts, there is growing evidence that a large segment of the population may be relatively immune without having contracted covid. Some theorize that herd immunity may be achieved with only 20% getting covid. Of course, there is risk that this number could be way too optimistic but the science of herd immunity is far from understood with this particular virus.   Also, the mortality will continue to go down. We will likely see monoclonal antibody therapies arriving in a a few months, which could be very effective. And it is somewhat likely that vaccines will begin distribution early next year.   When you look at the totality of positive news coming out from the science, I just don't see us getting into the millions of deaths. 500k max but 300k more likely.
So your argument is that a majority of people between the ages of say 18-40 voted for Trump.
How do you know I will get sick? I wash my hands! If people who go out don’t know they’re sick, how do YOU know they are? And how do YOU know that they will get me sick, even if they are actually sick?  Sorry if that’s too many questions to answer. It’s just you’re making a lot of claims that I don’t think you can prove at all. Plus, you haven’t even gone out in over 5 months
No. I’m not talking about who people voted for. You are. I haven’t said a damn thing about voting, except in reference to your inserting it into the conversation. Stop trying to put words in my mouth to try to start an argument. I’ve been pretty clear. I said the ignorant public who act irresponsibly are taking their cues from an ignorant, incompetent president who acts irresponsibly. Who people voted for, or exit polls, is fucking irrelevant.
The point is that you don't know whether or not you'll get coronavirus when you go out. Which means you don't know whether or not you're spreading it to people that might be working at the restaurants/bars (or anywhere else) you're going to.  And sure, you can wash your hands, wear a mask, try to social distance as much as possible.. but coronavirus is highly contagious, so if you're in close proximity to people, it significantly increases your chances of spreading the virus.
Ah OK, so then you're claiming young people are taking cues from a president most of them don't support.
If it is so contagious how come I’ve not gotten sick after going out for 5 months? How do you even know how contagious it is? Is that even testable? Haha all of your I don’t knows don’t really sound like good answers to go against going out to bars and restaurants and tipping workers who haven’t seen work in months! I also am not sure that the presence of others who are not sick causes the virus to spontaneously generate and infect people within close proximity. Kinda like multiplying zero by zero by zero haha
I think I’ve spoken pretty plainly. Your incessant need to nuance what I said in a way that suits the narrative you‘d like to use as a segue to argue, over semantics really, is annoying.
Because you've been lucky so far, and because the mask mandate and the restrictions have probably helped quite a bit. Just because you personally haven't gotten sick doesn't mean it's not contagious. Over 1% of the ENTIRE US population so far has gotten Coronavirus, which is pretty huge considering that a lot of elderly people are still in quarantine and so far younger kids are either less likely to get it, or less likely to show symptoms, so they don't get tested nearly as much.  If you're wondering how I know how contagious it is, it's because that's what the CDC says, and they're the experts on disease. And because it's clearly very contagious if almost 5 million people in the US have already gotten it, with that number rising by somewhere between 45-75k/day, even with restrictions in most places.  &#x200B;  > I also am not sure that the presence of others who are not sick causes the virus to spontaneously generate and infect people within close proximity.   Completely agree. But if just one person has it (even without showing symptoms) and goes to a crowded bar or restaurant, they could spread it to bunch of other people, who might then go out the next day and spread it to even more people. That's how we have almost 5 million cases so far. And because you can spread it even when you don't have any symptoms, it's very difficult to know if you're a carrier unless you just got tested and haven't interacted with anyone since the test.  As for the restaurant workers, I feel for them, I truly do. I vote for politicians that want to raise the minimum wage and expand unemployment (especially now during the pandemic, in order to allow people to stay home until we can get this pandemic under control). I still order takeout/delivery, so I'm still giving my money to local businesses to support them. But when people are literally dying by thousands in the US, if we get the pandemic under control more quickly, we'll save people a TON of money in hospital bills, save people from permanent respiratory or other health issues, and save a lot of lives.
No, I'm just pointing out that your entire theory isn't remotely logical.
It’s not a “theory,” dumbass. It’s my opinion. If you don’t like it, I don’t really give a fuck. It’s also pretty obvious to anyone with a brain (which apparently excludes you) that the nonsensical protests against simple things like wearing masks and social distancing are largely delineated along partisan political lines, and that your semiliterate, lowbrow president is the most prominent voice advocating the sort of abject irresponsibility that many Americans interpret as a signal that it’s acceptable for them to do the same. Hence, taking their cues from their feckless president.  Since you don’t hear so well, I’ll repeat it for you: that’s my opinion. If you don’t like it, I don’t give one shit.
You seem to have some anger issues.

UNC-Chapel Hill pivots to remote teaching after coronavirus spreads among students during first week of class

Who could have seen this coming besides absolutely everyone?
I'm betting this is why uncc chose to start so late. Wait and see how things go at the other schools and have time to revise their plans.
I’m at UNC- everything is so chaotic here right now it’s nuts
Shocker!
Right after the students payed full tuition! Lol well played UNC
Now let's see:  Will UNCC and the rest of the UNC system do the same stupid shit?  Let's see!
Right after they collected those sweet, sweet tuition checks... Wake Forest's explicitly in-person MBA program in Charlotte has charged us full tuition for the last 2.5 semesters all while the education quality plummets, we receive none of the benefits we are paying so much for, AND what we are given is cheaper for them to deliver. Fucking scam artists.
*Surprised Pikachu Face*  Also, good luck to everyone going back this week, my first day is tomorrow.
But Dan says kids need to be in the classroom.
While yes, it should have been called much soon I'm happy they at least called it at all.
Education, like healthcare, is an expensive business transaction where there’s no way to get your money back if you are not happy with the quality of the service provided.  The goal is to lock you in to having to pay the full freight of a four year degree.
 It surprising but sad nonetheless. My college years were formative in part because it was the first time I was away from home. I made poor choices and learned from them.   In this case, those poor choices could kill you. Just a messed up situation.
Is this a surprise to anyone at all?
Anyone have another link to the article? It's behind a paywall for me
Liberal university...gonna liberate...you go, Chapel Hill!
This for 177 cases? Do any of them even have symptoms?
uncc gave sent us an email about how we’re still having in person classes smh
Any sort of refund on housing or tuition?
Are the forcing students to leave campus?
That was the plan all along
As a Niner alum all I can say is be safe my friend.
Just got an email from them. They haven’t been told to do it yet but they are offering full refunds on housing for any students that want to leave campus. This is not great for my job lol
They’re still charging ahead with football like they’re the SEC. I hope for the sake of everyone’s job they stay open but the writing on the wall says otherwise.
It depends on how stupid the student population will be. I’ve got enough sense to follow proper safety guidelines while I’m on campus and off. The issue at UNC is the students at parties, the students not wearing masks, people not following proper safety recommendations. As much as we want to blame the schools, it’s the students making choices that lead to contracting the virus.
Beat me to it
CDC says kids need to be in class room
> In this case, those poor choices could kill you. Just a messed up situation.  This was always the case.
By  Nick Anderson August 17, 2020 at 3:49 p.m. EDT   The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, one of the largest schools in the country to bring students to campus for in-person teaching, said Monday that it will pivot to all-remote instruction for undergraduates after testing showed a pattern of rapid spread of the novel coronavirus.  The shift signaled enormous challenges ahead for those in higher education who are pushing for professors and students to be able to meet on campus. Officials announced the abrupt change just a week after classes began at the 30,000-student state flagship university.  They said 177 cases of the dangerous pathogen had been confirmed among students, out of hundreds tested. Another 349 students were in quarantine, on and off campus, because of possible exposure to the virus, they said.  The remote-teaching order for undergraduate classes will take effect Wednesday, and the university will take steps to allow students to leave campus housing without financial penalty. The actions are likely to reverberate in North Carolina and beyond, including other major public universities that have hopes of playing college football in the fall. UNC-Chapel Hill’s Tar Heels teams play in the Atlantic Coast Conference.  COVIDWISE uses Bluetooth signals to determine if you might have come into contact with a person who tests positive for the novel coronavirus. (Jonathan Baran/The Washington Post) UNC-Chapel Hill launches in person despite coronavirus crisis  “We understand the concern and frustrations these changes will raise with many students and parents,” UNC-Chapel Hill’s chancellor, Kevin M. Guskiewicz, and provost, Robert A. Blouin, wrote in a statement. “As much as we believe we have worked diligently to help create a healthy and safe campus living and learning environment, we believe the current data presents an untenable situation.”  The leaders pointed out a bright side: “So far, we have been fortunate that most students who have tested positive have demonstrated mild symptoms.”  In Chapel Hill, clusters of coronavirus cases had popped up in three residence halls and a fraternity house in the first week of the fall term, sending students into isolation and quarantine rooms and raising faculty worries about how far the virus will spread in the campus community.  The public health conditions at UNC-Chapel Hill were being closely watched as colleges and universities around the country move this month toward the first day of class, some with entirely remote instruction and others with a mix of teaching online and in person.  Among 100 major public universities — two per state — an analysis from Davidson College found that 23 have plans to teach primarily in person or offer a “hybrid” of face-to-face and online. Those with in-person plans, the analysis found, include the universities of Alabama, Georgia, Iowa and Kentucky.  Masks required and fewer parties (allegedly): What college will look like this fall  Reports have emerged of risky gatherings of students in close quarters, without masks, in college towns including Tuscaloosa, home of the University of Alabama, and Dahlonega, home of the University of North Georgia. A cluster of 23 confirmed coronavirus cases also hit a sorority house at Oklahoma State University.  At the University of Notre Dame, which is also one week into its term, there have been 58 confirmed coronavirus cases this month. The prestigious Catholic university, with 12,000 students, is teaching primarily in person.  But Notre Dame officials are keeping a close eye on off-campus parties in South Bend, Ind. “That has caused us concern,” Paul Browne, the university’s vice president for public affairs and communications, said.  In the week before class started Aug. 10 at UNC-Chapel Hill, 10 students and one employee tested positive, according to the university. But clusters of cases piled up in the residences known as Granville Towers, Ehringhaus and Hinton James, as well as the Sigma Nu fraternity house, according to text alerts the university sent students in recent days. A UNC-Chapel Hill dashboard shows 130 students tested positive last week out of 954 tested. Five employees also tested positive.  “After only one week of campus operations, with growing numbers of clusters and insufficient control over the off-campus behavior of students (and others), it is time for an off-ramp,” Barbara K. Rimer, dean of public health at UNC-Chapel Hill, wrote in a statement Monday. “We have tried to make this work, but it is not working.”  On some college campuses, a new fall rite: Coronavirus testing  Faculty, too, were calling for a review of the situation.  “The fact that it is happening this early in the school year, just a week into classes, has everyone quite concerned and quite alarmed, quite frankly,” said Mimi V. Chapman, a professor of social work who is chair of the UNC-Chapel Hill faculty.  Clusters are defined as at least five cases in a residence.  The public university has about 20,000 undergraduates and 10,000 graduate students. This month it is housing about 5,800 students in campus housing — less than two-thirds of capacity — with many more students living off campus in Chapel Hill and nearby communities. More than half of classes had at least some in-person teaching on opening day, although many faculty have been switching in recent weeks to all-online delivery.  Before the first day of class, university officials said they were confident in their plans but would closely monitor how many cases emerge and other data, including the number of students in quarantine.  Officials say many students appear to be taking public health seriously. Masks are worn all around campus, they said, and students are maintaining physical distance from each other when they go to class.  “It has been heartening to hear reports from faculty and staff and to experience for myself the excellent compliance on campus this week,” the provost, Blouin, wrote Thursday. “Our goal, certainly, is full participation both on campus and off among all members of our Carolina community.”  But they were deeply concerned about gatherings off campus. The UNC-Chapel Hill chancellor, Guskiewicz, wrote a letter recently warning fraternities and sororities and other groups that they must follow health rules.  One dorm was set aside to isolate those who test positive and another to quarantine those who had come into close contact with confirmed cases. One ­first-year student, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for privacy reasons, told The Washington Post on Monday that she had been in quarantine since Thursday night. This student said the problem arose because she had breakfast one day just off campus with a classmate who later tested positive.  “I was definitely worried,” she said. “I kind of broke down when I first got here.” But she said she has adjusted and is resigned to waiting for her viral test results and living apart from her peers for two weeks.  She said her meals are delivered, including a turkey sandwich for lunch and grilled chicken for dinner, as well as a supply of Pop-Tarts, oatmeal and cans of soup. “I was told I could only leave if I need a breath of fresh air,” she said.
I believe they are only testing students with symptoms (that’s what UNCW is doing at least)?so that means many more should have it
177 cases in ONE week of classes. How bad do you think it would get if they continued in-person classes?
Only 1 of 5 of my classes are in person. The rest online. This might thin the crowds if everyone only has a few in person. Doesn’t help the dorms though.
For now. If another school bites the bullet, like, say, NC State which is also projected to be a hotspot, you’ll probably see the rest of the UNC System fall in line.
They’re giving full refunds for housing/meal plans if you cancel them in the next couple days
I don’t think they’re FORCING us to leave, but the email they sent out basically said that the only reason anyone should be staying is if they are not able to go home for whatever reason. It’s insanely unsafe here so nobody wants to stay anyways. I haven’t seen them clean the dining hall once when I was there, and I’ve seen up to 200 kids in it at once
Luckily graduated in May of 2019
I personally think its hard to throw like 20-30k horny, immature 18-20 year olds into an area not much larger than a couple blocks and expect them not to go out trying to either alcohol, drugs, or the possibility of sex. They are gonna do a lot of stupid shite in order to get one or more of those three things and almost nothing they are going to do towards those goals will be conducive to social distancing and responsible health decisions.
Yeah you seem really smart.
I'm certain there was a trumpsucker that published something that stupid under the CDC banner.  On the 23rd of July even.  They should be fired, arrested, tried and jailed.
Now, the kids are going home to give it to their parents, who may be more vulnerable. Good work Karens!
Yes and no. Despite making poor choices, the vast majority of people make it through their college years unscathed. The stakes are much higher now.  Whatever point you’re trying to make, please just MoveOn.
Wow thank you!
NPR says “most have only mild symptoms.”
As bad as it’s going to be when they eventually go back. You can’t lock people up forever.
Wow that's a shocker
So you’re saying that then bringing you back at all seems like gross negligence?
Excellent. Hopefully all the other Niners can be safe.
It’s just sad those of us who are smart enough to behave have to suffer and have our education short changed because of how stupid some of our fellow students are.
Most of Europe are Trump diehards? I had no idea.
When you criticize Karen but actually are Karen.
Well for that age group all but a handful will have mild symptoms
I was surprised too lol. Thank god
100%. They could’ve done so much more. All the other NC public schools are soon to follow I’m sure, UNC just started the earliest.
It's not stupidity it's being a young adult getting their first chance at freedom mixed with leftover hormone swings (half of them are still teenagers).  I applaud you for your discipline, but you all are college students so your peers aren't stupid. They're just immature.
You just claimed the CDC wants to see kids in class. And he is the retarded one?
You snowflake, mad that he went after your idiot god-emperor trump?
And the earth is flat too. As a UNC alum who graduated a decade ago, I feel fortunate to not be in college now. I think students should have the choice to go in-person or remote.
So why are we locking away healthy people instead of protecting vulnerable populations and letting the rest of us get on with it? Why is panic lockdown the first response when it’s been demonstrated that this accomplishes nothing?
QAnon morons often react poorly.
I'm not sure what chapel hill is doing or how they are set up but at uncw they have 2 buildings designated as quarantine halls or whatever  I guess they are worried more have it than are tested which could cause faculty or student medical complications or death. The fear of lawsuits is a factor i'm sure
JFC.  The CDC had a playbook to handle the pandemic.   Trump threw it out the window.  The CDC had guidelines to safely reopen schools.   Trump bitched about it bc schools obviously were not going to meet those safety guidelines and then "Pence said the CDC will be issuing new documents next week (approx July 15)  about how to reopen schools, including guidance on screening for COVID symptoms."   https://www.npr.org/2020/07/08/888898194/trump-blasts-expensive-cdc-guidelines-for-reopening-schools  2 weeks after the above article is published,  the CDC announces it is safe to open schools after safety guidelines are altered.  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/community/schools-childcare/reopening-schools.html    More:   NYT - C.D.C. Calls on Schools to Reopen, Downplaying Health Risks  The agency’s statement followed earlier criticism from President Trump that its guidelines for reopening were too “tough.”  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/24/health/cdc-schools-coronavirus.html   CNN - "The CDC has been promising new guidelines for more than a week, after demands from President Donald Trump that the agency alter its recommendations for opening schools."   https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/07/23/health/cdc-coronavirus-school-guidelines-new/index.html  If you don't realize that Trump forced the CDC to alternits opinion, I can't help you.
Wow, CDC director has no back bone.
While this does explain the benefits of reopening, not one time does it say "schools should reopen".   Also to quote your link, "the best available evidence from countries that have opened schools indicates that COVID-19 poses low risks to school-aged children, at least in areas with low community transmission, and suggests that children are unlikely to be major drivers of the spread of the virus."  Note the key qualifier here - in their opinion reopening schools poses a low risk "in areas with low community transmission". I'd argue we don't have low community transmission since there are 5 million confirmed cases and 170,000 deaths.
Those quarantine dorms are already full and they've had to ship students to local area hotels.  At the end of the day this doesn't just affect the students.  They are hanging out on Franklin Street, going to the same restaurants and flaunting the rules and holding parties.  Further people that are having to work on campus to support them are exposed to this, whether it is the Faculty, cafeteria staff, the many housekeeping crews, etc.  As somebody who works at UNC and lives in town its pretty bad and this community has been pretty stringent on following the rules and locking down to stop the spread.  There are a lot of older people in the community as well (several retirement communities in the area) so that is another consideration.  I'm of the personal opinion that the undergrads should have been online from the beginning.  We had a lot of push back earlier in the year from students about online classes.  They wanted to get back to the "college experience" and felt like they weren't getting it online.  The NC Legislature through the UNC BOG pushed for on campus learning.  But there was little reason for the undergrads to be on campus except to book up the dorms and residence halls.  Professional schools need to be on campus for some specific parts of their courses (think dental training at the Dental School, patient labs at Medical School, etc) so those should have been prioritized for necessary on campus experiences.  But grad students don't live in the dorms, so they wouldn't have made the money from the housing contracts.
So? What’s your end game? Everyone stay locked away forever?  By now we’ve seen that the outcomes for places that lock down are no better and sometimes worse than places that did. The PM of Norway apologized for shutting down schools and admitted she did so out of panic. But Americans just can’t get enough of shutdown paranoia.
Yes.   The  CDC's changing position was obvious after Trump started batching about them.  CNN - "The CDC has been promising new guidelines for more than a week, after demands from President Donald Trump that the agency alter its recommendations for opening schools."   https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/07/23/health/cdc-coronavirus-school-guidelines-new/index.html
Thanks for the insight. I will say i was relieved when moving my sister into UNCW that the entire city requires masks and everyone follows the guidelines. Some restaurants even have little signs saying to put on a mask whenever a staff member comes by (waiter)   During move in everyone wore masks too. This is the most serious I've seen during the pandemic and how it should have been
What’s going to happen in 2022?  When lockdowns were first proposed, it was supposed to be a few weeks so as not to overwhelm hospitals. That was what they thought the disease would be much deadlier than it actually is. Now we know better and we’re still pretending that general lockdowns contribute anything but extending the panic at incalculable cost.

Four at RNC in Charlotte test positive for coronavirus

I'm shocked. SHOCKED, I tell you.
I wish them well. It is what it is.
Thoughts and prayers anyone?
Did anyone leaving snarky replies bother to read the article?  > We had diligent safety protocols in place, including testing all attendees before arriving in Charlotte, and again upon arrival. Out of roughly 1,000 tests administered, two RNC attendees, despite having negative tests prior to travel, and two Charlotte locals who planned to serve as event support staff tested positive upon arrival. All were sent home,” said Michael Ahrens, the Republican National Committee’s communications director.
No they didn't because COVID is a hoax, and even if it isn't, this is just fake news.  I can't emphasize this enough: /s
So far.
I heard bleach helps  -great guy, very reputable
NO WAY
Should have kept the disease out of our city
He's intentionally sacrificing people's health and he's perfectly fine with it, as seen by the mass gatherings with no masks or social distancing at the RNC
Shocking.  People who gather in large groups share contagious disease.  Whether you’re worshipping orange man or rioting in the streets it’s going to happen
4....out of tens of thousands....cool story
Totally worth dying for the cult.
No masks, no social distancing, just idiots being idiots for the sake of hearing an orange idiot say the same things he’s been saying for 4 years.
Oh no the world will end!!! There’s 10 people in Walmart with it right now as we speak.
They have a 99.97% chance of survival.
Why couldn’t it be all of them
Its not Coronavirus, its just the sniffles and a cold, amirite Donny?  You said so, Donny.
I wonder how hard they fought this information getting out
This is my shocked face.
How can you prove or even know that they got it at the RNC? What about the 8,000 other things they interacted with leading up to that? This shit is getting old.
But it's been so hot?!
4 people got sick oh no what are we going to do now..
Lol like anyone is surprised getting a good laugh at all the sarcasm
Damn. Only four?
This is funny.
how many people did they test? four?
Obviously a left wing snowflake story
I'm confused, is this really newsworthy?  Side note: I'm reading through these comments and there is no consistency with that is upvoted or downvoted
When your testing for a genetic sequence, normally found in the human body, it should come as no surprise that you will get a positive as a result.
If we ONLY had the technology to know before hand that something like this would happen!
Me too, I thought the virus was going to be gone by now. Maybe we need a wall. Viruses can't get over walls, can they?
Well, not that shocked.
I’m shocked it was only four.
"I got that reference". Casablanca
I really don't care. Do u?
"Death is death" - Trump
Tots and pears.
I'm thinking and praying about something for damn sure.
As far as I can tell, thoughts and prayers are only for unpredictable preventable situations. If it Is both predictable and preventable then it no longer qualifies.
Buy Goya!
Does It make you feel better mocking people for their beliefs?
Yes. It only further establishes that large gatherings are stupid right now. How many people who tested negative  upon arrival will test positive later?
None of that negates the BASIC guideline that gatherings are a BAD IDEA. This is why. You didn't listen. Don't tell us you did everything, because you didn't have to have a gathering.
No tests are 100% accurate, you're definitively going to get a few false negatives slipping through if there are 100+ people and some are positive.
And at the same time, the CDC puts out that even if you've been exposed to someone with the virus, you DON'T need to get tested as long as you don't have symptoms? But ALL these fuckers got tested, TWICE?  To hell with every last one of them.
Who cares we’re talking about Republicans after all
If it’s all a hoax, how is it also “The China Virus” (direct quote from RNC)? How can you blame China and Bill Gates for purposefully inventing and dispersing a virus while simultaneously claiming said virus doesn’t actually exist?  ETA: That wasn’t directed towards you, I caught the /s! - Just making a general comment about the absurdity!
He's technically the president so we dont have a choice.
The 4 people mentioned were sent home after testing positive.   If you read the article instead of the headline you’d live a slightly less stressful life
They didn’t contract the disease at the convention. They tested positive upon arrival and were sent home. Two were local staff.
Yah because everyone who gets it is automatically going to die...
And a 40% chance of long term effects
They didn’t. They turned the people away, they never actually got to the convention because they tested positive. Did you read any of the article. Two of the people where Charlotte people were supposed to staff the event.
They didn’t. It was people who were going to go to the RNC and were turned away because they had the virus. It’s literally in the article.
It doesn’t matter if they got it at the RNC. They most likely were at the RNC while carrying it and infectious. We may see more cases in the next 2 weeks from these 4. Thats how exponential growth works, should have learned that the last 5 months. Hopefully we dont see it, but its likely.
If this comment seems a little... off... to y’all just remember that /u/RyeMik still [thinks Pizzagate was a real thing](https://reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/hg8syp/with_everything_going_on_in_milwaukee_right_now/).
and over 180,000 have died
"add them to the pile"
Four is greater than zero
If you knew how to read you’d know they tested 792.
It's really a shame that we just had no way of knowing.
They tested negative before traveling. They tested positive upon arrival and were sent home.
We'll make the virus pay for it!
I don't know you but I peeked at your post/comment history and I think I like you.
Wait for iiiiiiiit
Thoughts and prayers
“It is what it is.”
you are a clown
All that stuff too, alongside the completely preventable illnesses mentioned above.  *Edit: Ha! Deleted their comment. Nice.*
You can care about more than one thing!
>  What the fuck are your priorities you absolute morons  Probably with the pandemic we have no herd immunity to nor a vaccine for. I'm sure the RNC participated in plenty of human trafficking while here, and our previous republican president (and the shitty democrat after him) was responsible for 600k murders overseas, so we've got those bases coverrrrrd  Where are your priorities? 4 tested likely means 40 infected with the opportunity to infect more over the next few weeks before symptoms begin showing.
Thots and players
No one is mocking anyone’s beliefs, but how empty and vain those words have become.
Based on the down votes, indeed it does.
Agreed. Let’s stop protesting by the hundreds and thousands until the pandemic is over. Wait... I don’t think I’m allowed to challenge that without being called xxxxxx.
Could be up to 20%:  [https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/tests-may-miss-more-than-1-in-5-covid-19-cases#The-optimal-time-for-testing](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/tests-may-miss-more-than-1-in-5-covid-19-cases#The-optimal-time-for-testing)
Er, what? They were following precautions stricter than the minimum required because they were attending a large gathering, but "to hell with every last one of them"?  Okay buddy.
Sorry I intruded on your ignorant hatefest with some factual information.
You watch too much CNN
We totally have the right to say he can’t come.
The fact is that these types of maskless events with no social distancing are intentional. This wasn't an accident, where they followed the right guidelines and someone just happened to catch it.  Things like this can be prevented.
Thanks.  So this is just more clickbait shitty journalism.  Also not shocking
Didn’t contract it - just risked spreading it to people from around the country to risk spreading it further.
Keep reading. There is more to the article.
Unless some immortals are also catching it, this is technically true.
Just like the long term effects of the flu.
The reality is on a long enough time line we’re all going to get it. It’s part of our society and it ain’t going anywhere. I’m over it tbh.
Frequently posts in conspiracys hes a nut case.
Im flattered you took the time to go thru my post history lol. Must have some serious time on your hands. If only you could open your eyes and make better use of it. You probably think the Clintons are innocent too huh?
How many sold into human trafficking in that time? How many children murdered by careless gang activity? Because both of those have a very apparent fucking solution. Keep your dunce caps on folks, you’ll find soon theyre made of aluminum
it was a joke but okay
Too bad there's no test for stupid before traveling.
I try 😬
Womp Womp  An oldie but a goodie.
It's a tautology. People get sick. Sometimes they die.
🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑
Bots and bears.
Maybe for some. But to others they’re expressing true sorrow. For example, some people pray every night before bed. Saying that you’ll be in my thoughts and prayers means I’m thinking and praying for you every night before bed. A time that is sacred to me, a time that I find comfort in, I’m taking a few minutes to pray for you. It may be over used. But to the majority who say it, it actually means something. So the fact that it’s being brought up out of spite is disrespectful to those that actually believe.
It seems so. Funny how supporters of the so called “sensible” party are so disrespectful. The hypocrisy is absolutely insane.
The point is they shouldn't have gathered in the first place. Having the event virtually would have been the best precaution.
Yes. To hell with every last one of them. They care nothing about their constituents, just how to stay in power, in favor with Dear Leader, and how to line their pockets.   Why tf have a large gathering in the first place? Think about it.  "Rules for thee, not for me."
We can say sure, but are you gonna stop the fed?
Like the riots?
The headline is reddit upvote bait. The article clearly addresses this.
So every country in the world has it wrong, but you have got it right. All the experts costing their respective country's billions of not trillions..... But you know more than them..... Wear a mask
Spoken like a true, internet educated physician. 🙄
 Just label me a nutcase sure lol. Conspiracies never turn out to be true. Keep eating that MSM up. Stay in your bubble.
I agree. Those are very atrocious situations and should also be dealt with. Why are you gate keeping America failing at managing a pandemic?
Then there would be no one at the RNC convention.
Trying to salvage some haterade, eh.
❄️❄️❄️❄️
Cots and chairs
This is literally mocking people who use the phrase _without meaning it_.   If you’re a deeply religious person, the majority of the people _you_ hear use the phrase might actually mean it, because you’re spending your time around other people who share your beliefs, but those of us who aren’t are inundated with it from people using it as a meaningless catch-all.   If you believe that the majority of politicians at podiums in positions to actually push for and enact change, but instead offering up empty platitudes actually mean it, I’m gonna just have to disagree.
You're missing the point here. Prayer is an admirable thing, but surely you don't believe that politicians are being thoroughly sincere and serious when they offhandedly tweet "thoughts and prayers" after the umpteenth school shooting in a year?  The original post was mocking those politicians.
I have empathy for them, at least the younger ones. They are fed an avalanche of BS 24/7 and risk being rejected by their peers if they don’t espouse the same beliefs.
I bet you were super concerned about the protests, then?
Uh what? How is this in anyway a rules for thee situation?
Yea that’s not how things work in America.
Any mass gathering is risky and can be a super spreader.   But at least the protests have a higher volume of masks.
It’s the title of the article.  It was specifically written like that for clicks
Congratulations. You lose this argument.   https://www.health.com/condition/cold-flu-sinus/flu-long-term-effects   https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-017-17497-6   https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29487124/
I mean you are a fucking nut case so.
Well what else do you call traveling to a large gathering during a pandemic? There's not many other words for it. It's just fucking dumb.
Rotten stairs
But maybe you all are missing the point. You’re allowing politicians, of all people, to formulate opinions of something said by millions of people... in a time of losing a loved one, you can give as many flowers, gifts, and food as you want, but all of that doesn’t replace the whole left in ones heart. That saying is used to combat the feeling of being alone afterwards. That’s me saying to you, I know you’re hurting but know I’m here for you literally any time of day if you need me.   Judgement/discrimination comes in all shapes and sizes, whether it’s skin color, religion, or something else. You shouldn’t be judging groups based on a few bad apples. And in this case it’s a few hundred politicians compared to the millions of religious people in the world, regardless of religion.  That’s my point.
You're all willfully missing the point. We're not mocking prayer, we're mocking the politicians who profane true religion by saying those words without the barest shred of sincerity.
Fox News says hello
I don't like the protests for a wide range of reasons, including this.  But you have to be pretty dense to not see the difference between a political conference for the president and protests by random citizens. But keep deflecting. Maybe you will land something next time
*Looks around*  Are you sure?
Much like the riots it depends on which video you watch.  I’ve seen variable mask wearing across the board.  Virus does not discriminate
Good luck friend
You said it so it must be true..
What about the people at Lincoln Memorial rn?
Protesting lol
I'm curious, did you say the same about the Democratic convention and the BLM protests?
Pubic hairs
I see what you mean.  Thoughts and prayers themselves are wonderful things. Offhandedly saying "thoughts and prayers" isn't. That's the only point I'm trying to make at this point.
No, I really don't. Constitutional right of assembly and orderly succession of power are both pretty important. Whatever anyone says who wants to keep holed up in their apartment, you can't accomplish anything on Zoom.  And I would say the same for the 250 who gathered in Milwaukee for the DNC. Except for pointing out the hypocrisy.
I don't know what you're arguing against. I never brought up race, so you're already exposing the agenda you want to create.  I simply said that the President, as he has done in Tulsa, Charlotte, and last night at the White House, as intentionally created mass gatherings that do not follow the proper mask and social distance guidelines.  This is not an opinion; this is a fact.
What were your thoughts about the anti-mask protests and reopen protests?
> No, I really don't. Constitutional right of assembly and orderly succession of power are both pretty important. Whatever anyone says who wants to keep holed up in their apartment, you can't accomplish anything on Zoom. >   So constitutional right of assembly justifies the RNC, but not protests. Interesting.  And what steps in Trump's nomination required a huge conference? The nomination and all the speeches could have been held virtually, and for the millions of people who watched them on TV, might as well have been.   > And I would say the same for the 250 who gathered in Milwaukee for the DNC. Except for pointing out the hypocrisy.  Hypocrisy on whose part? If not mine, why are you asking me to defend or justify it?
I also never brought up race.  I think you're reading into things that aren't there.  &#x200B;  Yes, you did say that.  I also said that mass gatherings by anyone (including the riots) do not follow guidelines and result in spreading of virus.  &#x200B;  This is also a fact.
Not relevant, since I'm not the one complaining about large gatherings.
Well, they weren’t allowed. The BLM protests are allowed and encouraged. Nice whatabout, though.
I'm not the one objecting to a large gathering- I have no problem with the protests, as long as they're legal and peaceful. I think churches should be allowed to be re-opened, too. Glad we cleared that up.  Delegates are chosen, they have a right to meet. It's not about speeches.  Hypocrisy about picking and choosing what to be outraged about.
You added nothing to or against my point.  You just brought up the protests for no reason.
They were “allowed” everywhere. Both protests are protected by the first amendment. The democratic national convention was all virtual - there was no big gathering. So...I answered a “what about” with the parallel and it seems that I guessed correctly that the pots don’t recognize the kettle.
Added nothing to?  I pointed out other current, hot topic gatherings that also are a contributor to spreading of the virus.  This behavior isn't unique to any group.  Not sure why you want to dismiss that but perhaps you are, as you said, exposing the agenda you want to create.
250 people gathered in Milwaukee, the legal maximum
You’ve gotta be shitting me. You really saw the shaming of the re-open people and the “when are you protesting?” pressure from BLM, and think both protests were treated equally?
Yes, depending on who you think was “treating” them. The government permitted both, the majority of society certainly mocked the people who felt the need to brandish guns and protest mask wearing as though helping protect a community from a deadly pandemic is worth protesting. People have the right to protest. How people react has nothing to do with whether the protest is “permitted.”
You saw the re-open people carry rifles to the statehouse and scream their heads off without the cops batting an eye while CMPD put together a plan to kettle and gas the BLM protestors, and you think both protests were treated equally? You’ve gotta be shitting me.

