Please help me get my PhD! Need Research Participants for Dissertation Study at NCSU due to COVID-19 halting in-person data collection. It's on digital communication!
 Summary: Are you bored and looking for something to do during the quarantine? Participate in a research study on digital communication and help an NCSU grad student! :)Details: Hi Everyone! I hope you are all staying safe and sane during this quarantine! So COVID-19 meant I had to halt data collection for my dissertation research which compares different communication mediums (e.g., computer vs VR) in terms of communication, social presence, and feelings of connection. I am almost done with data collection and now only need male participants for the voice-only condition (conducted in Zoom). I've already finished recruiting female participants. If you have time to participate, I would greatly appreciate your help! For a full list of eligibility requirements and what the study entails, please see the recruitment flyer (link here: [https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC\_XI4ANYIm\_Cm8Eqg](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC_XI4ANYIm_Cm8Eqg)).If I sparked your interest and you would like to sign up for the study, here is a link to the scheduler survey: [https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF](https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF).Stay safe everybody!And thanks so much to those who have already signed up!Note: I've had a couple of people ask me about the 20/20 corrected or natural vision requirement so I'll go ahead and answer that question here. :) Basically, you can participate if you wear glasses or contacts, I just ask that you are wearing them during the study. If your vision doesn't correct totally to 20/20 but it's pretty close and you can still see everything pretty well, that is fine too.
Hey! Let us know when you finish your degree! I already participated but hope others do as well  It was super easy and fun if anyone was wondering
I also participated and really enjoyed the experience. It's fun and easy for anyone considering it.
Ahh, I'd love to help but I don't have a VR set up and I won't have any cash for it for a few months now.  Now would me being someone with a MA in Communication disqualify me?
I definitely will! Thanks again for participating! I'm almost done with data collection!
Thanks for the support!
So I'm actually done with the VR conditions now and am recruiting for the video chat computer based conditions, so if you are still interested and have access to a computer, you can definitely still participate. :)

Daily Tar Heel brings the heat to UNC's administration over Covid-19 infections
 [https://www.dailytarheel.com/article/2020/08/covid-clusters-edit-0816](https://www.dailytarheel.com/article/2020/08/covid-clusters-edit-0816)
What the most crazy thing is UNC isn't releasing how many students are in each of the 4 clusters. All they are saying is 5 or more counts as a cluster. It could be 5 it could be 100.
While I'm 100% behind the overall sentiment, there's no reason to blame any of this on a party.  They put thousands of people in dorms with strangers for roommates and communal bathrooms.
Hopefully they'll update the Dashboard today with the new numbers from last week so we can see how many were in the clusters, but I'm not holding my breath for accurate numbers. [https://carolinatogether.unc.edu/dashboard/](https://carolinatogether.unc.edu/dashboard/) **Update: 130 new student cases from 8/10-8/17.**   &#x200B;  [Here's in AMA from a student currently in the quaratine dorm.](https://www.reddit.com/r/UNC/comments/ib05ed/i_am_currently_in_the_covid_quarantine_dorm_ama/) They have symptoms but haven't been tested yet, nor been told when they will be tested.
UNC also got blasted by the Today show
Irony that UNC is home to one of the top public health schools in the country?
The article looks even better in print.  [https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EfoKxa9XsAMAmcP?format=jpg&name=medium](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EfoKxa9XsAMAmcP?format=jpg&name=medium)
Curious how things are going at Duke and State.
130 UNC students test positive, 13.5% rate   https://twitter.com/WRAL/status/1295443579922534400?s=20
What an absolute mess and this is exactly what everyone expected would happen.
> Though these students are not faultless, it was the University’s responsibility to disincentivize such gatherings by reconsidering its plans to operate in-person earlier on.  The reason they didn't, was because the BOG is looking for any avenue to gut funding. As usual the dth is incapable of looking at issues from outside of their perspective.   Is it right? No, but the issue isn't cut and dry.  >The administration continues to prove they have no shame, and the bar for basic decency keeps getting lower.  A juvenile and ignorant statement, not surprising from my experience with the J-school and dth board. It's sad to see that UNC has one of the worst student papers in the country.   >We’re angry — and we’re scared. We’re tired of the gaslighting, tired of the secrecy, tired of being treated like cash cows by a University with such blatant disregard for our lives.   Then don't come back. Transfer somewhere. Take a gap year. Stop ignoring the realities of FERPA by handwaving it away with "many people are saying they can release the info!"   Also, jesus fuck they equate the endowment with something the chancellor has total control over and say "things are as complicated as UNC is making it seem". What an absolutely stupid take.   EDIT: Also, surrounding the big issue; the looming funding cuts, the chancellor is absolutely powerless. Not sure why the dth board did absolutely zero research before posting this.
The UNC COVID Dashboard says that free space in the two COVID dorms is less than 5% capacity. So I don't know how many students were in each cluster, but collectively it was A LOT if they've run out of space in TWO DORM BUILDINGS that quickly. Rumor has it they are putting overflow sick into hotels in the area.
FERPA exists. UNC said as much. The DTH responded with "many people are saying you can release the info" ignoring that the privacy aspect is hard to implement with limited populations.
Political party or party party?
Updated a few minutes ago: 130 new cases among students last week.  13.6% positive rate, well above the 5% target so there are plenty of undetected cases out there as well.
Ironic yes, but Gillings had no say in whether UNC reopened or not. Faculty and staff gave their input and shared their feelings about going all remote and not reopening but had no final say in the whole university reopening or not. They're 91% remote with plans for the other 9% to go remote as well.  [https://mondaymorning.web.unc.edu/campus-decisions-who-makes-them-with-what-consequences-and-when-to-change-them/](https://mondaymorning.web.unc.edu/campus-decisions-who-makes-them-with-what-consequences-and-when-to-change-them/)
That's weird. Did they change the title?
Hi! NCSU student here - I’m in an apartment, but some of my friends are in dorms so I can somewhat speak to the situation on campus.  Two dorms have had parts of them quarantined already, but that news has had to come from people I know in those dorms. People are still partying, Sigma Nu (forgive me if this is the wrong frat) had a big one last week that some videos have surfaced from.  I think it’s a matter of time before UNC System schools have to shut down again. Too many people are partying and coming back to crowded dorms.
Duke tested more students in a single week than UNC did almost all summer. So far no reports on clusters or outbreaks.
> and State  I have a parent who teaches at NCSU. Apparently they have only 4 reported positive tests done at Student Health, which is all that they are required to disclose. However, they also have a campus wide policy that they want you to absolutely NOT get tested for COVID at their Student Health, but elsewhere. There are lies, damned lies, and then blatant manipulation of statistics.
>The Editorial Board recognizes that the decision to transition away from in-person classes is one that ultimately lies with the Board of Governors — not the administration.   Even they have to admit it
The school shouldn’t have opened to in person like they did, but the students are a bit silly to now say “how could you do us like this.”  Everyone knew this would happen!! No one thought UNC reopening fully was smart. Students made the choice to go back with information that screamed “THIS IS A BAD IDEA.”  There was no way for the school to reopen as they did in a smart way. That was clear from the jump. Everyone made bad decisions here.
FERPA 100% does not apply here. It’s aggregate numbers. If the cluster location is an issue, then remove it, but that is the only thing that could possibly put it under FERPA. They created a damn dashboard for this stuff. If they are going to claim FERPA when things look bad why the hell even make a dashboard?  Source: I deal with this shit everyday and in much more sensitive situations.
> FERPA  For anyone wondering what this is: https://www2.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/index.html
Yeah you can’t release their names but you sure as hell can say how many people have it. I don’t want the kids SSN I just want know how many positive cases are on campus right now
Party party.  The editorial attempts to find common ground with the UNC administration by noting that students aren’t blameless. A big house party is definitely a stupid thing to do right now, but it’s nowhere close to as dumb as unnecessarily putting people into communal housing.
and 94.5% of the quarantine rooms are full. Which means there probably at full capacity now since those numbers don't take today into account.
The BoG is the sole authority determining that, yep.
For the online version yes.
Isn’t the UNC Sigma Nu one of the clusters there? Maybe the national organizations need to intervene too.
My understanding is that there were 4 total positive cases in returning students, who were immediately isolated.   They will also do continued testing of asymptomatic people, using a technique called pooled testing to extend the number of people who can be tested (but likely lowering the sensitivity somewhat). Honestly, it sort of seems like what we should be doing nationwide, but I guess we can't afford that or something?
Wild right? The whole op-ed seems to serve as some angry undergrads primal scream therapy.
Certainly unc could’ve handled it better. I’m just saying that with the BoG salivating at any excuse to say “see, you spent XYZ after going fully online vs in person, that means we’re gonna cut your budget here on by 50%” it becomes far less black and white. You have to balance opening and hopefully retaining budget vs preventing the spread. A 50% cut will do long lasting harm to the state.   You also have many students whose home lives are also utterly horrifying. These students might be better off on campus holed up in a dorm room. Yeah, they may get covid, but again the youth numbers at the moment are looking like there aren’t any long lasting effects and with a mortality rate around that of the flu. 242 people between the ages of 14-24 have died from covid. In the country.   With that said, can you trust that this won't spread to vulnerable populations? No. You can’t. So UNC absolutely should’ve spent the summer planning on how to punish violators and how to separate students physically better. I’m just saying it’s a hard problem to solve and this op-Ed lacked any nuance and was essentially the written form of slinging your own shit at someone.
>FERPA 100% does not apply here.  You a lawyer? Because I assume that UNC has a number of lawyers looking through this stuff and that's where their claims come from.    And yes, a single gross case count is something lots of schools are communicating, so it stands to reason that FERPA doesn't apply in that specific context. And fortunately UNC has provided those numbers. 149 students.   https://carolinatogether.unc.edu/dashboard/  The DTH really didn't do any due diligence. Given that the dashboard gets updated during the workweek, I have no reason to doubt they'll push the most recent clusters today.  EDIT: As predicted, the dashboard has been updated with the recent clusters. Yet again the DTH self-owns.
> but you sure as hell can say how many people have it.   They have that. They have a dashboard.   https://carolinatogether.unc.edu/dashboard/
I'd see it the other way round personally. Putting people in communal housing only becomes a lot more dangerous when those people can't be trusted not to throw parties.
Yes they are, but unfortunately that hasn’t stopped people from sending the Dean and other faculty nasty messages asking them why they didn’t stop UNC from opening.
It sure is.  E-house, HoJo, Granville, and Sigma Nu. Plus a free space. That gets you BINGO.
Duke most assuredly threw and ungodly amount of money to enable the level of testing they are doing. That’s not something any of the UNC systems schools can do easily without support of the legislature, and the GA is partially why we are in this shot show to begin with.  I’m not even 100% sure that campus health is actually having tests analyzed by UNCMC and instead having them sent out to LabCorp or another offsite lab. It would explain the extreme delay in test results because UNCMC is still returning results in under 24 hours.
Additionally, if students don't complete their symptom monitoring, it can lead to restricted building access on their cards.   I think the ongoing pool testing is intended to eventually ramp up to testing students weekly. Pool testing is cheaper, and a saliva testing protocol that was approved by the FDA last week amounts to a test that's about $4, rather than $100+ per test. It lets them test multiple samples at once and then only re-test for positives so they can pinpoint the positive individual.
No, I’m not a lawyer but I’ve worked with counsel across UNC CH, UNC Systems, UNC Health, Duke University and NIH establishing legal contracts dictating use of PII and PHI as well as internal system security requirements for storing FERPA and HIPAA classified data. I also have a finger on just about every human subjects research study at UNC CH that uses EMR data. Think I know wtf I’m talking about.   Edit: I realize now I should have also included the publishing of protected data to journals or public domain websites. This is different than the section of contracts that cover what data research teams or analysts have access to. The results of said analysis are what matter in this circumstance and what results, not raw data, are coveted by FERPA or HIPAA.
Communal housing is dorms. This typically means shared living spaces among large groups of people. Shared showers, bathrooms, kitchens, living rooms, elevators, door handles, etc. Between hundreds if not thousands of students.   Communal living is pretty similar to the university throwing large parties every day.  Edit: For reference, there are roughly 8,000 undergrads living in dorms at UNC across 14 communities. That's 571 students per community if you spread it out evenly. That's like a giant party every day in 14 different communities before you even consider the risky behaviors that young adults are prone to engage in. There's just no way to contain a pandemic in these conditions.
Such as the wonderfully nuanced article in this thread haha, agreed.
Don't know the numbers about Duke. You're probably right, but with certain pooled testing strategies I'll bet it could have been pulled off at UNC for less cost but more (short term) inconvenience, and perhaps a slower open.   What is happening at UNC right now is 100% bullshit, the BOG and GA is to blame, and everyone should be pissed.
>NIH establishing legal contracts dictating use of PII and PHI as well as internal system security requirements for storing FERPA and HIPAA classified data.  As someone who works on analytic software, I've dealt with all of this too. We contract out with governments, police forces, schools, hospitals, etc.   I also send shit to legal all the time. Dictating protocol use, security posture, etc. for PII.  But neither of us are lawyers and neither of us are privy to the challenges the school is facing in this specific instance. As it sits, they're publishing gross case counts.  EDIT: I love how on reddit, a non-lawyers take on legal issues tantamount to "I've talked to lawyers so I know what I'm talking about" serves as "expert advice".
I think their point is that if you make it a bubble, then in theory you can isolate the school. The problem is when it's not a bubble and you're letting people congregate.
Definitely not a bubble. Inviting over 30,000 people to be on campus in-person was a mistake. It's not just the students, but the local employees of grocery stores, restaurants, transportation, and every other service they come into contact with who will suffer.

UNC-Chapel Hill undergraduate classes to shift entirely online after multiple COVID-19 clusters reported, chancellor announces

Who could have possibly foreseen this?
i know it's tempting to blame the admin for even bothering to open school - we all knew full well this would be the end result, and sooner than later. i think the compelling reason for this seemingly foolhardy act is the highly adversarial relationship between the school itself and its BoG and the NCGA. these organizations would love nothing more than to neuter UNC and 90% of its educational programs, and denying the school funds is an easy way to do that. so for all the undergrads who feel cheated out of a semester's tuition, please remember you are helping to literally save UNC by funding some independence from the wolves, and maybe help see UNC and NC through the reign of these a-holes.  i'm glad UNC's endowment is doing well these days - they are gonna fucking need it.
GTHC -- Get Thee Home, Carolina!
So... What about tuition? Perfect plan imo
I picked up wings from Heavenly Buffaloes last week, and *holy shit* Franklin Street was a madhouse. Packed like sardines and probably only 30% had a mask on
1) you are right.  2) as a NC State person I resent the use of wolves this way. Let's call them leaches.
The better way to save UNC would seem to be voting for better people in the General Assembly.
Could you elaborate on this more or point me in the direction of more information?
The UNC admin were also the ones that would take down Silent Sam. More likely situation is they're Trumpers that thought Covid was a big liberal conspiracy until it got too bad to stay open.
And leases for landlords etc. students are stuck in year long leases for a college they can’t attend.
Guarantee there will be no refund of tuition, and “too fucking bad” on housing etc.  The only reason any colleges/universities opened at all was for maintaining their profits.
How about we call em blue devils?
Haha my apologies!
Absolutely! And I am cautiously optimistic about the upcoming elections. But if you can volunteer or donate at all, it would help.
I’ll do my best - on what point were you interested in more info?
The UNC Board of Governors is the villain you seek here.
yikes, so the tuition of a top tier university and the quality of Phoenix Online.   Honestly if this mess just happened to me I would be out going to parties because life sucks and catching covid with potential of dying while trying to enjoy one morsel of a college life that will cost about 15K for this semester (IDK the price) is a good risk to take just like that student loan, for a market with massive unemployment.  A gap year would have been better.
Fair.
Where can I read about this adversarial relationship? Or the denial of funds? I want to know who to be angry with basically. Thanks for your help.
i don't have a ton of time right now. start with this piece for some background and i'll find some more recent stuff tomorrow:  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2015/08/07/north-carolinas-step-by-step-war-on-public-education/  this is the situation we've been under, at least until a democratic governor was elected in 2016. then in 2018 the GOP lost its supermajority (in both houses).

[NCSU]54 new covid-19 cases from 4 Greek houses.

As they going to close like UNC Chapel Hill?

UNC reports a 31 percent COVID-19 positivity rate for last week

Good googly moogly Christ almighty
Whelp... that was a fun experiment. I'll just be here at home eating my rice and beans for the next three weeks. JK, rolling into the hospital every day.
I'm interested if these kids are symptomatic.  After 6 months of this you'd think cold like symptoms would trigger something in your mind to limit interactions with others.
Incidentally, they decided to go online 90 minutes before the class drop (tuition refund) deadline.
rrrrrrrrrrrRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
They extended that deadline.
77 out of literally 100,000 tests the NFL has performed, I’m not sure how familiar you are with reverse transcriptase PCR but the test is incredibly specific, making false negatives unfortunately likely but false positives are almost unheard of when the samples aren’t tainted and the test is run properly.
And the covid test has a 1 in 3 chance of being a false negative meaning the numbers could actually be much higher than we know. Whats your point?
Are you okay?
No. I'm overwhelmed with fear of the 'Rona. I really appreciate your concern, however!

Thanks to all the heroes giving their time, energy and knowledge in helping others get through and survive the coronavirus pandemic! You're our sunshine! We will get through this together and must do everything we can to keep each other safe! Be someone else's sunshine!

Much love 💘
This comment has been removed because the submitter has less than -9 comment karma.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/triangle) if you have any questions or concerns.*

UNC-Chapel Hill pivots to remote teaching after coronavirus spreads among students during first week of class

We went from three covid clusters on Friday to all remote learning by Monday. What a journey.
Who’d have thunk it.
*shocked pikachu face.jpg*

Universities are red hot with coronavirus
I'm hearing 30% positive at UNC. The other unis seem to be on their ramp up. This is a significant and tremendous risk to the community. If the city was at 30% we would be in maximum lockdown scenarios
I heard 500 cases at NC State
30% of those who we tested were positive, not 30% of all students
That is awful- just wondering if you have any links or sources you can share, this is very concerning!
article listing the various NC uni's  numbers [https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/education/article245078820.html](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/local/education/article245078820.html)
As long as they’re not our interacting with the larger community and they stay in their “college bubble” this might not be all bad. It’s possible it could burn through them in a matter of weeks and add to heard immunity. Right now In France Germany Spain cases are spiking up a bit mostly in the younger population. Death rates have not increased at all in these countries. It’s possible there could be a lag effect in spreading it to older members of their communities or maybe not it’s a risk but not necessarily the end of the world.   Bring the downvotes
https://www.ncsu.edu/coronavirus/testing-and-tracking/  546 total since March. Of those, 277 were positives in the last week and 46 new cases since yesterday.
That's the same metric we use for the community.
https://www.reddit.com/r/triangle/comments/ig2a0x/unc_reports_a_31_percent_covid19_positivity_rate/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
The BoG is in charge of that. They're appointed by the state legislature. Vote.
   The University reported a 31.3 percent positivity rate of COVID-19 tests last week — more than double the 13.6 percent positivity rate from the first week of class.   Between Aug. 17 and Aug. 23, UNC reported 1,528 total tests, with 465 positive results.   UNC also reported 135 new positive cases of COVID-19 from the weekend. 
Thanks!

