Thanks to all the heroes at the Wake County Emergency Operations Center giving their time, energy & knowledge in helping others get through & survive the COVID-19 pandemic & Hurricane Isaias! We must do everything we can to keep each other safe! What have you all been doing to keep each other safe?

I work in healthcare and have seen the great things the Wake Co EOC has been doing- especially in the healthy hotel program. We see you and we appreciate you!!
Hey thanks! I’m a Wake County employee and I’ve been working there since March!
We really do appreciate everything they are doing to keep us all safe!
Thank you for all your hard work! It is appreciated!

The Dixie Gun and Knife show is this weekend... What about Covid-19?

They had a baseball card show last weekend in the Scott Building...masks required, but social distancing was tough. Vendors were stressing and kind of asking people not to linger for very long at their tables, which was counter to their preference that people stand there as long as it takes for them to spend some money. Heard more than one vendor reference the fact that there were "official observers" of some kind. Wasn't there during the peak of attendance (i was there Friday) ...wonder if they started limiting the number of people? It's on State of North Carolina Property, though, so I would think you can be pretty sure it's approved and monitored....
They didn't seem to have any problems at the Crossroads Target store having more than 25 people inside yesterday.  They're probably just limiting the number of persons who can be inside at once.
Doesn't seem to be a problem at every protest down town and around the Country for the last few months...I think they'll be ok here too. What was that  thing called again?...oh yeah, The Constitution.
It should be obvious to everyone by now that these gathering bemoaners aren't concerned about the spread of a virus at all. They lost credibility quite some time ago.

Children at YMCA, City of Raleigh camps possibly exposed to COVID-19 *shocked pikachu face*

"The exposure happened on June 29, the day city camp programs opened for the season, according to the letter."  The first day they ended up with one positive and its gonna be a while until we know how many end up positive from that one. If the results from the camp in ga follow they may end up with 50% or more of them positive.  https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/69/wr/mm6931e1.htm Granted the camp in ga was a sleep away camp vs day camp.  Still not good.  Where are those few persistant redditors who weeks ago kept saying kids dont get it or dont spread it well. As we get more data its becoming pretty clear they do indeed get it and spread it.  They are not  "almost immune."  edit, been locked up to long and did not see that it was a month ago.  We should know how many became positive. I wonder if anyone did a follow up and was there contact tracing to follow up on it.
Most parents with school age kids would tell you the kids are how most colds and flues get into the home. But now suddenly no one wants to talk about that.
I thought it happened again. Yeah, this was last month. Did they actually close the city of Raleigh of camps after that? Because I see the youth league registrations for FALL are still open as if they learned nothing.
CDC Director Redfield : "THE MORTALITY FOR THOSE UNDER 18 ABOUT .1 FOR 100,000 AND ONE IN A MILLION AND I ALWAYS TRY TO COMPARE THAT TO INFLUENZA WHERE THE MORTALITY OVER THE SAME PERIOD OF TIME IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS HAVE RANGED ANYWHERE FROM FIVE TIMES TO 16 TIMES HIGHER THAN WHAT WE CURRENTLY HAVE FROM COVID.  SO I TRY TO REASSURE PEOPLE THIS IS CLEARLY NOT A SERIOUS SIGNIFICANT PATHOGEN IN INDIVIDUALS UNDER 18."  https://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2020/t0724-new-resources-tools-schools.html
If anyone wants to see the future of schools that open just go look up the YMCA in Georgia.  If Hawaii can see an uptick in cases I’m sure schools are not impervious.
I didnt even realize this was a month ago. As you said, all those who trust this death cult, i wonder what will happen when their families or children begin to die?
I think once everyone is dead, companies and politicians will realize "shit we need people for the economy to work"...
Oh yeah, and it also quotes this as follows: PRESIDENT TRUMP IS LEADING A GREAT AMERICAN RECOVERY....  Fuck that and fuck Trump.
Just want to point out that the transcriptionist initially names the CDC director as Dr. Robert Redford. His last name is Redfield. Robert Redford is a celeb. Lolz.
 Mortality rate is different than infection rate, pal. Yes, there are concern for those under 18, but the real issue comes when those children come into contact with their guardians who are.... older.
Yep, not until then. I think everyone will be dead from covid in 2 or 3 months. Of course, if everyone is dead, there will be nobody left to realize it, and then the question becomes - if a person dies of covid in the woods, but no one is around to hear about it, did it ever happen and does it even matter?

Courthouse weddings during Covid-19

*** DUE TO THE CURRENT POLTICIAL CLIMATE ***, in an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, click the link below to send us a modmail.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Covid-19 in U.S. - 15 States with more Cases from 1 March to 2 August


North Carolina reports first death tied to child care COVID-19 cluster.

But I'm sure teachers will be fine when school re-opens, right?
Didn't they also report that pug that had COVID? Not trying to dismiss the reporting, but that's a bold headline with not much content.  Turns out the pug had a respiratory infection common to the breed, not COVID related.
Also have to think about the emotional trauma kids will endure when their beloved teachers die. Sine not many seem to care about the teachers lives.
The article clearly states that a staff member who worked at the child care facility died from COVID. I have zero idea why you're spouting irrelevant bullshit.

Would you trust Lane and Associates Dentistry to take good Covid-19 safety precautions?
Or would you go to a smaller, independent dentist office?Lane is like Grand Central Station and they are taking very few special precautions (waiting room is still open, they have no special air filtration, etc.)I need to make a decision ASAP. I’m worried about cases exploding in the triangle so I feel like it’s better to go sooner rather than later, but unsure what to do. I can make an appointment with Lane very quickly, any other dentist it would probably take a long time to get a new patient appointment. What are you guys’ thoughts?P.S. Or would you wait until it was a true emergency? I’m a high-risk person, and I live with high-risk people, and my tooth has a serious issue, but I have no pain.
You already answered your question. Smaller independent office for sure. There are less chairs, therefore less patients. The employees have generally been working there awhile with less turnover.  Large dental chains rely on treating a high volume of patients at the absolutely lowest cost possible.   Quality independent practices rely on personal referrals and definitely aren’t the cheapest option but they are definitely interested in treating their patients right because all they have is their reputation & they definitely don’t want to be known as someplace that cuts corners for the sake of profits.  If it’s a serious issue, I would get it taken care of asap. Ask them for the first appointment of the day on their slowest day of the week. If you explain your situation, they’ll tell you what the risks are & how they mitigate them.
I wouldn’t choose Lane associates prior to the pandemic. I definitely wouldn’t go there now.
I use Riccobene Assoc Family Dentistry and they have been going good with wearing extra PPE and seemingly taking extra precautions with extra cleaning and spacing out appointments to prevent a lot of people in the waiting area.  I also know Dental Care Center in Wake Forest has been taking extra precautions and testing their employees at least once a week for Covid.
Went to Ridge Rd location in May as they were just starting to do cleanings again. They had me wait in the car and it seemed very safe, certain tools they wouldn't use due to aresol concerns like the ultrasonic pick. Took a lot longer than normal.
I actually went to Lane in downtown Durham last week and thought the precautions were pretty good. The waiting Room limit was only 3 people And everyone had masks on. It was making me really anxious not to get my teeth cleaned; I'd already postponed it for several months.   Surprised to hear lane doesn't have a better rep. They replaced my 20 year ish front tooth crown beautifully. That was a north Raleigh location.
Colonnade Dental - Dr. Stephenson
Wainwright and Wassel in Raleigh is an amazing practice! So clean, so careful! My friend is a hygienist there and has informed me of ALL the things they are doing to keep the office safe. Highly recommend them!
We had a bad experience there at the beginning of the pandemic so won’t be going back (basically an employee implying to us that COVID was a hoax). There precautions seemed OK but that kind of made us nervous to go again, and so we don’t be.
Lane is the Walmart of local dentists. We stopped going after a couple bad experiences. I would not trust them to be taking good Covid precautions if you’re high risk.
PM me.
We use Riccobene and they told us that although they are still doing annuals and cleanings, if you have any concerns and have no pain and issues, that they recommend you wait until things calm down a bit. I really appreciated their honesty. And even the waiting room is usually crowded when I go in, I think the advice helps to keep people out unless they really need to be seen.

Covid-19 in USA - Top 15 States with More Cases from March to 9 August


WakeHELPS – Wake County COVID-19 Information for overdue utilities

Must be under the following Income Limit:  (based on number of people residing in household)    ​1	​$39,540   ​2	$45,180   ​3	$50,820   ​4	$56,460   ​5	$61,020   ​6	$65,520   ​7	$70,020   ​8	$74,580

Officials with the state Department of Health and Human Services say they are reducing the state's official count of completed COVID-19 tests by more than 200,000 after identifying "an inconsistency across LabCorp data submissions."
>State health officials correcting COVID-19 test totals after LabCorp 'discrepancy' — Officials with the state Department of Health and Human Services say they are reducing the state's official count of completed COVID-19 tests by more than 200,000 after identifying "an inconsistency across LabCorp data submissions." Health officials say the count did not impact the published number of new positive tests or the percent of tests that returned positive. What the actual fuck?!?? 200K?!??!?
"Cohen said the reason for the decline in testing – corrections aside – wasn't entirely clear. After a reported slowdown in test turnaround time, she said some patients may have been less inclined to seek testing for COVID-19."  Maybe she should make a call or stop in at labcorp and ask them ( one of the country's largest private labs with hq and a lab right here in raleigh) why they are not processing as many test the last week or so.  I suspect she is well aware of why.  Any labcorp employees on reddit want to spill the beans on why?
Labcorp is big, so I can see how the error is big.   Apparently the online Pixel tests (the kits you order online) were being counted by Labcorp as NC tests in the survey they fill out each day.
Link with details https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/state-health-officials-drastically-revise-down-covid-19-data-after-labcorp-discrepancy/19232381/
ok so if the number of tests was reduced, but the number of positives wasn't, then how in the hell can the percent of tests returned positive not also be affected?
Is it that they are not processing tests or that they have no tests to process? If it's the latter then maybe the reason the testing numbers are down is because less people are getting sick and having the need to be tested.
The press release says the state gets a total test count from the lab as well as all of the results. The results have been correctly reported while the total count has been way off. So as long as the positives and negatives are correct, the positivity doesn’t change.
Only electronically reported data is used by NCDHHS to calculate percent positive.  This reporting error was with manually reported data.  So the official percent positive reported by NCDHHS should not change, but many other sites have been calculating and reporting based on positives/total tests, and those will need to be revised up.
Kind of cohens job to know that isnt? She seems to not know and is speculating instead of picking up the phone and asking labcor what the reason for the recent drop in test being proccesed was.      its back up to 26k today so demand for teest still seems to be there but there was clearly a drop in test in this state of test run for a few days/week and the person who should know why is either not doing her job to find out why or knows and is not telling us.
But the percentages would have to change. X out of 1.8 million is not the same percentage as X out of 2 million. If the number of positives remains the same, but the total number of tests is reduced by 10%, there is by definition a 10% error in the percentage of positive tests.
There are two systems being used according to the press release. The system that’s used for reporting cases and calculating test positivity is unaffected.
Maybe

Raleigh restaurant workers walk out over lack of COVID-19 protections. What are workers' rights?

Wish they told us which restaurant
Looks to me like they're exercising their rights by walking the hell out.    Your move, management.
Someone posted here about Tropical Smoothie Cafe in Crossroads recently, I wonder if that's it.  Edit:  https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/hwiq3g/cary_crossroads_tropical_smoothie_cafe_asks/
It was Lynnwood Brewing
so, subway?
Management - "You're fired."  Game. Set. Match.  Obviously this will be a bad PR move but since the business is not named no one will know.
If we have proof this will be the second local brewery I won't give a dime to (Bhavana was first).  Barrel Culture, Bond Brothers, Burial, and Haw River are going to be getting more of my money.
Wait LBC over near 5 points? Or Lynwood near the Raleigh grande?
Lynwood Brewing is a fast food restaurant?
LBC has flat out denied this.. hmmmm
*** DUE TO THE CURRENT POLTICIAL CLIMATE ***, in an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, click the link below to send us a modmail.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That doesn’t really narrow it down
Management:  Oh crap, I just realized that hiring an entirely new workforce is going to cost me significantly more than it would have cost to make my previous workforce happy.  Oops, my business just went under.
This is exactly why we need stronger labor laws in the US.
One of my friends who works at another downtown brewery told me about this story last night. The managers and promotional team (or something like that) are working the place by themselves now.
Trophy has also been doing a good job at protecting their employees IMO
Lynnwood Grill near Raleigh Grande has really gone downhill the last few years. Last 2 times I was there, there were cockroaches all over the rooftop area. Regrettably went back a few months later only to find a clump of hair in our nachos. Fuck that place
Near 5 points
No, but they just had all their employees walk out on them like what the article is describing.
Honestly, I don't care. Never been there and don't plan on ever going. I just heard this story about them and then saw this posted the next day and decided to share. It really isn't a big deal to me at all.
It says that they are "respecting the wish of the employee who didn’t want to show her face or name the restaurant."
I always called it douche bag grill because of the clientele.
Omg that’s SO GROSS! I haven’t been out there in awhile
The article says it was a fast food restaurant and that the woman they talked to and one other employee walked out.
They want the employer to tell them who tested positive (probably in violation of privacy rights), but won't identify themselves.
Agreed! If you’re looking for a better place to drink beer around that area, I highly recommend House of Hops over Lynnwood Grill any day
Ok
And if the employee who tested positive didn't give consent, is the restaurant legally liable?
The article doesn't say, but I'd expect the person is not being scheduled, unless the positive test is more than 14 days old.
That's true.  It also doesn't say they didn't ask who it was.
Not really.  It's the most logical first question.  And there's this from the article......  >"If I hadn't went to look at the schedule, I wouldn't have seen the company's note. I have strong reason to believe that there is more than just one employee who tested positive."  >After getting few answers from managers -- Monica and a co-worker staged a walk-out
I don't consider her a hypocrite, as much as I question her motivations.

Petition for NC State to be more transparent with COVID-19 data

I mean they absolutely should, but has a change.org petition literally ever achieved anything?
Since this was posted the university updated the Covid response website to display more data, including self-reported testing.

COVID-19 Update for NC State University just came out... Anyone want to start placing bets on when NC State is going to close on-campus learning and move online?

We're not getting NEARLY as much information as UNC was sharing though, so frankly we honestly don't know what our numbers are looking like- that's even worse, in my opinion.
I feel like this is a Fyre Festival for college students. Come sign up, give us your cash, now go home and study on line, oh and grab a sandwich from the cafe on the way out.
Safe bet given how quickly UNC's situation moved , i'm guessing by Wed next week NC state is all remote learning.
They won't close campus. Just probably start by moving undergrads online like UNC.
Who ever thought 18-22 year old kids were going to do what they're supposed to do during something like this. This is gonna happen at all colleges probably.
I work at a student housing community off campus to UNC. If NC State takes it seriously, they will announce it by the end of tomorrow. Personal opinion - it should have been remote from the start. 2020 is NOT the year to be playing stupid.
I said 3 days ago all major campuses would close in person learning in 10 days.  7 days to go... I stand by that.
They had a fuckin house party. Dumbasses.
I’m pretty sure the census date is August 21st so I’m guessing the 22nd. My roommates and I took bets on it and the winner gets a prize.
I know someone who does health research at NCSU - her group has an over/under bet that they are all remote by Friday.
My friend that goes there says there's no way it's going to keep on campus stuff going past the end of this month.
After all the fees are up
NC State is hiding something.
Play stupid games get stupid prizes 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️
We are seeing lower numbers because NCSU is only counting the cases and that are diagnosed in the student health center. It’s in the fine print here: https://www.ncsu.edu/coronavirus/testing-and-tracking/  “Cumulative testing data includes all tests performed and completed at NC State Student Health Services since March 13, 2020, and does not include tests performed at local testing centers.”  So cases that are diagnosed off-campus don’t show up in their reports, and get counted in the larger Wake County pool.
Surprised it hadn't already happened. 10 ft tall and bulletproof during a pandemic is not good. At least traffic will be better surrounding campus.
Before any schools/colleges opened, I said 3 weeks max. Just to be on the record.
my only in-person class for this semester just moved to remote learning...its only a matter of time before every class is online
Michigan State hasn't had begun the semester. They all announced *today* all undergraduates will be online and no one will be permitted to move into dorms.
Is the annual Brent Rd party still a thing?  Hopefully not this year.
Welcome to the club, you'll be online in no time
Place bets now? Betting should've closed last week. The Wheel of Covid has been spinning at least that long.
Dude. That official statement is currently under review and waiting for sign off. That is the only reason it has not come out yet.
What exactly did they think would happen?
I don't get how this even happens. why not remote learning especially here in NC. We will get through this pandemic but who makes these decisions???
UNC closed campus yesterday.  My son has until Aug 25th to move out of the dorm.  You can only remain in campus housing if you can prove need - international student, no internet at home, etc.
Please don't go this semester. UNC only want to find a reason to bill you for those facilities they'll shut down soon.
Thanks for clarifying!
Put me down for Tuesday/Wednesday of next week.
When is tuition due by?
Maybe off topic but back when I was at NCSU, there was a giant house party where literally no one could even fit inside after a certain point. A similar article came out, announcing someone at that party had meningitis, and “anyone who attended the party” should head to the student health center for testing. That shit can kill you, and it was scary. Anyone remember this? The party wasn’t all that far from the address on this new article.
From the NCSU sub:  https://old.reddit.com/r/NCSU/comments/iclhbt/well_ladies_and_gents/
We need a leaker. Come forward. Save lives.
We're talking about likely <22 year old college students. I think they will be fine
According to the [NCSU website](https://studentservices.ncsu.edu/your-money/financial-aid/estimated-cost-of-attendance/undergraduate-student/) the 2020-2021 school year for students living on campus instate and out of state are 24k and 44k respectively. For those living off campus with parents or relatives, the cost is 17k and 38k.   On the other hand, [University of Phoenix, per year](https://www.collegecalc.org/colleges/arizona/university-of-phoenix-online-campus/) for instate and out of state is $9,467. 15  Off campus is 15k.   It going to be really interesting case study to see the enrollment figures for places like University of Phoenix in Jan 2021.
So, getting tested positive is not a death sentence.   Quite the contrary.
They do have a website tracking cases, which I hadn't seen until today.  Obviously doesn't give detailed info (I think unc was listing specific dorms).  Still nice to be aware of if you're on or around campus.  https://www.ncsu.edu/coronavirus/testing-and-tracking/
Nailed it.
More like Animal House. Was it over when the Germans bombed pearl harbor? No. Was it over when school admin told our frat to not throw a 400 person no-mask kegger? No.
Holy shit you might be right
When was the cutoff date for fall tuition ?   That's what I want to know   Because why pay UNC or NC State thousands for an online course. You might as well just have signed up at a community college and done their online course.
Yeah, I would bet by the end of the month NC State is online only for undergrads. What a mess. I think some serious discussions with board members is in order of who thought it was a good idea to begin with.
7 to 14 days from today, students will be out ta fuck.   So by the 25th or the 1st.
I mean, that's effectively closing campus.  I'm not sure what further benefit there would really be by "closing campus".  Are you saying the won't have the undergrads leave the dorms?
UNC closed campus yesterday.  My son has until Aug 25th to move out of the dorm.  You can only remain in campus housing if you can prove need - international student, no internet at home, etc.
School administration thought students wouldn't be a dumb as a sack of hammers. Students proved them wrong. They couldn't even wait a whole week before throwing 400 person no-mask keggers.
Why aren’t colleges suspending anyone who’s seen at a party and kick them out without refunds?   They’ll only have to do it a few times before everyone behaves.
Exactly. I don't know why so many universities are trying to open when we all knew exactly what was going to happen.
Amen... all summer sessions were online, so I was kind of hoping it would stay that way for the fall semester. I get that they want to bring in revenue, but this seems ridiculous :/
RemindMe! 8 days
[https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article245268020.html](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article245268020.html)  > N.C. State University will close its campus residence halls in response to continuing spread of COVID-19, the school announced Wednesday.  You win.  At the last minute, but still :)
UPDATE: this person won the bet. NCSU announced today that classes are remote staring Monday.
That sweet cash that they’ll be sued to refund.
You were HOPING to be around college aged children during a global pandemic when you know that they don’t EVER follow rules. You’re a special... I don’t need to say it.
How do you mean?
Yep and it will be the demise of the university. They’ll go under from the lawsuits once the Nacho Nincompoop goes to pasture in January.
Looks like they updated it since your comment.
 Nah that died out once the street got overtaken by families and landlords stopped renting to young guys. It was glorious in the old days though !
Lmao hey, I was overly optimistic 2 weeks ago, ok? Late bets coming in hot!
Lovely... also, got another email today about 2 more cluster cases, in the Greek Village area no less (surprise surprise). So screwed.
Errrr...
You’re right the virus only kills old people.  SMH
Have you read anything at all about covid in the last 9 months? Like, is this the first time you've heard of it?
https://i.redd.it/mz5sts6c6xy41.png
Why did you pick university of phoenix when we have low cost community colleges that offer online classes for credits that easily transfer into state?  This would have been a great time to knock out pre-reqs at a community college
NCSU and University of Phoenix aren’t even in the same ballpark. Sure, you can spend $9,467 a year to buy a joke degree, or you can spend less than double that amount to get a worthwhile degree from a reputable university. It would definitely be worth the extra $37k over 4 years to go to NCSU. And if you don’t live in NC, you’d still be much better off going to one of your state’s public universities.
The estimated cost of attendance for University of Phoenix does not include any estimated costs for personal expenses or transportation. That's the difference here in these figures, but again, these numbers are based on an in-person experience vs. an entirely online experience. Obviously if NCSU goes entirely online for the semester, the estimated cost of attendance figure will be off.
But these numbers are artificially low since they only count the cases diagnosed at student health center and not with private physicians or hospitals etc.
A Futile and Stupid Gesture
Ya but how are you going to catch an STD AND COVID if you just take online courses?
It's not just NCSU. The majority of schools are trying to open and I just don't get it. The outcome is completely predictable.
I will stick yo my number of 4 weeks or 28 days... But already proven wrong, we'll see
I’m also confused. Do all the undergrads still live on campus?
When they initially sent undergrads home last March graduate students and research techs were still reporting to campus. It's the same now at UNC and will be again at State. We're treated more like infrastructure than we are people.
They sent undergrads home, grads are still continuing as planned. That's not fully shutting down campus like happened in the spring.
I don’t think the solution is necessarily punitive action against the students until there is punitive action taken against the administration for allowing this to happen. We all know it wasn’t safe to open, and we all know they did it for money in total disregard of the life and health of the student body and the population that inhabits the area, and the communities that students return to when the school shuts down and kids return home with the virus.   Yeah, it sucks that some students are partying and making bad choices during a time like this. But students were promised a safe environment to learn in, and if that relied upon the student body policing themselves, then I think those who are disadvantaged due to the university inevitably shutting down should be repaid in their fees, because that is not an appropriate plan.   How much does NCSU spend on policing (hi to the two new expensive horses Mounties) to allow so many huge parties to occur? Why is public money being spent on police who are doing nothing, sans harassing black people? Students should at the very least be repaid whatever this amounts to in their fees.
Because going after young people who don’t have anything to their name, and eliminating them from their only chance to a middle class life seems extreme.   That being said, they need some consequences but kicking students out is senseless and does so much more harm than good. It’s the same concept as throwing someone in jail for smoking weed. And surprise, harsh sentences don’t stop people from engaging in risky activities.
Money
They were worried about a big drop in enrollment. By making kids come to campus, they ensured they got their money for at least a semester. If it had been online, a lot of the less...academic...students would have asked, "what's the point?"
There is a 2 hour delay fetching comments.  I will be messaging you in 8 days on [**2020-08-27 02:33:39 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-08-27%2002:33:39%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/ic9doi/covid19_update_for_nc_state_university_just_came/g2271pw/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fraleigh%2Fcomments%2Fic9doi%2Fcovid19_update_for_nc_state_university_just_came%2Fg2271pw%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-08-27%2002%3A33%3A39%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ic9doi)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
It was close but the outcome was never in any doubt.
Maybe they just want on the job training?
Dae oranj man bad??
What a bunch of Shady McDougals....
I think they updated it (and started counting numbers from outside of Student Health) after the Technician brought the shadiness to the surface. Way to go Technician reporters!  http://www.technicianonline.com/news/article_b4a2003a-e0ce-11ea-acb2-13b91b135f0c.html  ——-  7:30 p.m. update:  According to Kulikowksi, the COVID-19 test numbers on the Protect the Pack website are only those administered at Student Health Services. The University continues to rely on students, faculty and staff to self-report COVID-19 test results, but will not make those positive COVID-19 results public.  “We have data on those who have self-reported but it is not available to the public at this time,” Kulikowksi said in an email.   Technician also reached out to Director and Medical Director of Student Health Services Dr. Julie Casani, but she was not available for comment.  This is a developing story.
Which brings up a very interesting point. Many Freshmen had a simple choice to wait this out or go to a lower priced technical or community college online but oddly enough, they willfully  opted to gamble and shell out full price admission for an in person University experience  during a highly communicable global  pandemic, knowing full well it was likely gonna go bad much likely sooner rather than later.
I guess the question a lot of folks are going to need to answer is whether or not they'll continue to pay  in the Ballpark of $17k per year in state or 38k out of state to attend online classes @ NCSU.
When you mention predatory, was it/ is not predatory for all these institutions of higher learning across the US to take full price admissions money for open campus, open for less than 2 weeks, and then abruptly close, and keep most of the money?   In my original comment, I wasn't advocating University of Phoenix in any respect, but was merely reflecting the pricing comparison, since we live in a free market capitalistic society. At least with University Of Phoenix, Everyone  knows that their crooks. Yet every other big time University duped the masses with boils down to bait and switch.  What’s excuses the behavior  of these “Hallowed and Revered” Universities or the outside leadership that runs them?  **EDIT** I was able to express my opinions and engage your reply without  calling you a name or insulting you.  It’s ok that we can misunderstand each other, and occasionally disagree, but we should be able to do this while still showing respect for each other. For what it’s worth, I hope you have a pleasant day, and stay safe.
That’s not true. If you scroll further down it shows self-reported numbers too. The page is organized unintuitively
It literally says on the webpage:  Weekly new positive cases include cases reported from multiple sources, including tests administered by NC State Student Health Services, self-reports, local health authorities, or other information sources.
They put money over public health. It’s simple. They knew this was going to happen but didn’t want students signing up for online community college while there was still time.
Gotta get that money before going virtual! Kids be damned!
https://youtu.be/eCdRFMp8Xwo
No.
With undergraduate classes moving online and a large percentage of staff still working remotely, there's far less risk to GR students working in labs. That said, the university's police *should* be "if you can work from home, work from home."
Were you able to easily distance?
But they are a threat to other students. If any student is caught without a mask, attending parties, etc. then they need to be banned from campus full stop. Make they switch to online or whatnot. If they want to engage in activities that put others at risk, they can do that back home in Fuquay while they attend online classes.
1 selfish person kicked out of campus or potentially people getting sick and or dying. Hmmmmm   You know, that one person is potentially eliminating the ability for dozens to hundreds of people from getting their only chance to a better life.
Respectfully, you’re wrong. The two things are not even close to being the same, first of all. Secondly, going without a mask harms others, and fast. There needs to be harsh consequences.
It’s all about the financial side and never about the human side.
>This means the class I’m a TA for will go online and I was really hoping for some in-person teaching experience.  > >Frat boys win again  Uh, what? Yeah, you did. And you're teaching?
You literally said "hoping"...
Classic re7ard bullshit. Go take a nap, granny. Time keeps on ticking.
Who says they keep most of the money? UNC has already stated they will be issuing refunds for housing fees.  Or are you suggesting that the universities should reduce tuition for online classes? Well, I have bad news for you. It actually costs universities just as much money to offer a course online as it does in-person. That's because most of the costs involved are wrapped up in teaching. Do faculty get paid less to teach online? Of course not. Do they work less? In many cases, they work even more. So it's not clear why universities are expected to reduce tuition for an online semester, if that's your argument.
That’s very new... like in the last day or 2 I think. At least I had never seen it before
Text has changed under the section called “About our Testing Data” since last night. Wish I could figure out how to post the screenshot I took last night where it says “does not include tests performed at local testing centers” in both the Cumulative testing data paragraph and the Weekly testing data paragraph. Maybe I can link to the wayback machine instead of uploading my screenshot from last night.  Edit: https://ibb.co/DRqBPGt for screenshot from last night.  vs. https://ibb.co/25rVTbs for screenshot from tonight.  Edit 2: not saying that they are doing anything wrong by editing their page, but it’s interesting to me that the “About our Testing Data” section went from telling you about the testing data to a legal disclaimer.
This is a really poor oversimplification of the issue. Yes, it has something to do with salvaging revenue and yes, part of that is a concern that a fully-online semester would result in declines in enrollment. But the alternative here is that universities have to start cutting programs and laying off staff. Part of the reason they are in this position is that the state continues to decrease its funding for public universities on a per-student basis, leaving the university responsible for making up the difference by charging students higher tuition and fees.  Everyone keeps suggesting that universities are trying to hoodwink students and parents by getting kids into the dorms, getting their housing fees, and then sending them home without refunds. That's not the case. These universities convinced themselves they could keep students and the campus safe from the virus because the alternative to this approach seemed worse. Obviously it was destined to fail, but suggesting that it has all been some scheme to trick students is simply untrue.
Yeah, we just had to plan around each other, avoid public restrooms, pack food, get in and out as quickly as possible. There was just a lag between when the undergrads were kicked off campus and when we got any kind of guidance on when and how we should change our schedules.
Isn’t in person teaching the human side? What are you trying to argue?
Let it be noted I despise trump I was just mocking the usage of erudite titles such as "nacho nincompoop"
The entire system has been setup to run as a business by the power behind the power at the state level. To remain profitable, they've had to increase the costs of tuition  by several times to offset the cost cutting measures put in place over the decades just to pay their professors and staff.  The whole system is a powder keg waiting to explode and likely will.   Do you think the mindset of individuals between 18-22 years old, that have been sold the on-campus college experience since they were in pre-school are suddenly going to pay between 70,000 and  176,000 t for 100% Online courses, or do you think they'll just wait it out a few years until it's actually safe to return?  Do you think class of 2025, who starts in January or Next August 2021 is taking notice of what's happening?  What do you think they'll do?
If it helps I’ll expand my theory to entertain the idea that 50% of the decision makers were actually dumb enough to believe they could control COVID on a public college campus.   Whatever the reasons for their motivated reasoning, it doesn’t help much with my perception of them.  Edit: To clarify, I’m still of the opinion that a large share of decision-making power calculated this outcome for profit and are feigning ignorance and using the effects of not reopening as a shield for what to them was a purely dollar-driven decision.  It sounds like I think people are: more greedy and less stupid vs. your version of: more stupid and less greedy. Not really something either of us can prove, unfortunately.
That humans are dying from the virus, and that greed is going to make things much worse, as we’ve already seen with the reopening. It’s all right there in front of us. We all see it.  TL:DR: Greedy people are unable to say “no” to money, even though it is killing the people of their community. Doesn’t matter how many. One more is too many.
All good. I’m still gonna say it. Hope it doesn’t ruin things for you.
It’s fun to be twelve sometimes. It builds esprit de corps.
>To remain profitable, they've had to increase the costs of tuition  by several times to offset the cost cutting measures put in place over the decades just to pay their professors and staff.  Well, for starters public universities do not operate at a profit. The reason faculty and staff expenses continue to rise is due to something called cost disease. The faculty and staff at universities are typically well-educated, and there haven't been any major advances in productivity in areas like teaching or research. So labor costs have, and will continue to, rise.  >The whole system is a powder keg waiting to explode and likely will.  The system was not prepared in any way for the pandemic, I agree.  >Do you think the mindset of individuals between 18-22 years old, that have been sold the on-campus college experience since they were in pre-school are suddenly going to pay between 70,000 and 176,000 t for 100% Online courses, or do you think they'll just wait it out a few years until it's actually safe to return?  Yes, because research on the economic returns to a college education are clear that there is a significant wage gap between people who with at least some college experience and people with just a high school diploma. We also have to assume at this point that it will take time for the US economy to rebound from the pandemic. During times of economic strain and high unemployment, people take refuge in higher education. The highest ever enrollment period for the US higher education sector was 2010-2011-2012, during the last recession. If anything, we should expect enrollment to increase in the coming years.  People will adapt to online learning. The fact is, there's not a lot you can't do anymore in an online course compared to an in-person course. As faculty get more comfortable and experienced with online learning, I'm not sure that you will hear as many complaints from students. And, in fact, while research shows students appear to be less interested in online learning, there is no evidence that academic performance suffers.
That’s great but you were initially mad that someone wanted to teach in person.
This will certainly give incentive to pursue education at 2 year technical institution that offer technical programs remotely, often at far less expense than traditional Universities, and which lead into decently paying jobs after graduation.   It's a good stop-gap to have an associates and a skill virtually in need everywhere, and then later finish their undergrad, if they decide to continue forward, and maybe even have their future employer subsidize partial or half of their education.
Mad? Let’s call it “concern.” ;)  I feel like you’ve gotten something I said confused along the way. I was always concerned with the fact that greedy people, both financially and selfishly personal, wanted to gather these gullible kids together in classes during a global pandemic.   I’ve spent enough energy on this. I’ve said my piece. Take care. 😀
Okay I guess. I mean it seems like you’ve mostly spent energy talking about things that aren’t relevant to the post you responded to.
Goodnight, Rick.

WTVD-TV: COVID 19 NC: Some North Carolina gyms, fitness studios are back open during Phase 2 through loophole.

I don't understand this "HIPAA doesn't allow me to ask" thing.   That's completely wrong.   HIPAA applies to medical professionals, health insurers, certain of their business associates and, in limited circumstances, employers.   It does not prevent other people from asking about medical conditions or requiring proof of one to use a gym.   (Three may be disability-related laws, such as the ADA, but not HIPAA).
Don't blame them if you're not going to protect them from the cost of staying closed.  That said, the whole HIPAA thing about not being permitted to ask people about their health issues is complete BS.  HIPAA prevents a business from *sharing* confidential medical information with others, but it does not prevent any entity from requiring it before using their services.  Fitness centers and personal trainers who are doing what they're supposed to do have every new client fill out a detailed health questionnaire, and even request medical clearance from a person's provider anytime there is a question.
My gym in the triangle has been open since July 1.  Not a single mask in sight on their IG page. When I called to ask about this, they said they have a physical therapist on staff so they can be open, masks not required.   So instead of just seeing PT clients, they're open 24/7 to everyone.  It's safe to say I canceled my membership and won't be returning.
Closed for medical purposes.  Opened for medical purposes.  SMH.
The gym I work for has opened due to this loophole. The state has released guidance for gyms opening for medical purposes, and it says masks aren't required while exercising. No masks, no temperature checks, and small enclosed spaces. While I understand to need to keep money coming in, it's truly a recipe for disaster if you ask me.
“We see no reason to remain closed any longer.” Well the state government, city government, and CDC disagree but you own a gym so go ahead. “We can be open for medical reasons but also we can’t ask clients if they’re here for medical reasons so it works out.” Real nice. This is why I can’t do anything right now.
Funny how they talk about this but ignore stories about cheerleading and gymnastic centers being open for months using loopholes.
There's a martial arts gym in Fuquay-Varina that has been on the news about not closing. But what they didn't disclose is that that had a covid outbreak and members from that gym started training at a gym in Raleigh that is also open and now I have to stay away from them because they're spreading covid like candy in school.
This seems like an absolute disaster in the making all thanks to people afraid of losing their gains.
The types of people going to the gym right now are very low risk anyway. The 75+ at risk crowd is not going near the gym
In the same vein, there is nothing requiring them to answer truthfully either.   Gym employee:  "Do you have a prescription to workout?" ... [turns and looks to large sign saying that only people with a presription to workout can use the gym... then turns head to sign that says "we will not ask for proof of prescription to workout"]   Gym goer:  "Yes, yes I do."
If you weigh the benefits of not making your members wear masks vs the possibility of bad press when your gym becomes a COVID cluster, I can't fathom a business seeing this policy as being worth it.
Was it a jiu-jitsu gym?
https://i.redd.it/mz5sts6c6xy41.png

Covid-19 Cases in U.S. – Evolution of 15 States with More Cases – New Update untill 18 August

SPAM ACCOUNT
Thanks for the alert! Checked the history. Holy crap...
Its nuts Reddit hasn't taken notice of the multiple reports yet :/

UNC NC State announce additional covid 19 clusters on campus.

Surprised Pikachu face
Sigh. Can we please just implement UBI and a real lockdown now? How much longer do we have to put up with this denying reality bullshit?
gotta get to the date at which they don't have to offer full tuition refunds, then go full online.  &#x200B;  stonks.
Longer than we should have to.  Sadly for every smart person in this country there’s an idiot lurking right behind them.  And there’s a whole village of those idiots making these bad decisions.
"bUt tHaT's sOciAliSm"
You’re not wrong but I actually think the ratio is 2:1 in the idiots favor. I made the mistake of getting on FB the other day and was literally terrified when I saw all the parties and concerts and church group meetups all with nary a mask insight.   I’m going to stay safe in my little reddit bubble for the long haul because I don’t need to see that shit
We’ve evolved now, comrade. https://i.imgur.com/6kSqZPE.jpg

If you’re COVID-19 positive, or violent, please don’t answer your door and take it out on your 2020 Census Enumerator.
My last cases of the day were... annoying to say the least. Lady answers with a frying pan in her hand. It’s 1pm. I’m in business casual wear and I take a few steps back and she throws the whole pan in the yard (sort of near me, sort of not) and screams “LEAVE ME ALONEEEE!!!” We would love to. Just fill out the survey online when asked. 😟Guy answers the door fully and bows over with a coughing fit, and asks for my help standing up (5’3 woman, he’s at least 6’3 and presumably male) and waits until THEN to tell me he’s positive for COVID-19 and in quarantine. I JUST tested negative after being positive for 3 months and a 100 day quarantine. Thank you, Mr. Braniac.
This is so scary. My brother is working as a census enumerator too and I've been worried about all the people who seem to be losing their marbles in quarantine. I hope you're okay OP!
Didnt know door to door started. All ive heard is that it was so much harder to get folks because it was stopped earlier due to pandemic
Thank you for your service and take care of yourself.
Guy showed up at my place so I just put on a mask and answered his questions. Was a touch uncomfortable in public and because I was sweaty from a recent workout, but I appreciate the hard work. That’s not a fun job.
You were positive for 100 days? Were you symptomatic the whole time? I’m not trying to be insensitive or anything, but do you know of any reason you had it so long? My parents have it rn and as far as I know after 14 days I should be able to see them.
It never occurs to these people that they don’t have to answer the door.
What an asshole
I mailed my census stuff in months ago, but a lady came to my house yesterday. She didn't seem like she was having a great day. That's gotta be a shitty job.
this is why I stay like 10 feet away from the door after i knock, that differential pay hitting different but not different enough to get covid over. praying for a quick recovery for you (or hopefully you just don’t get it haha)
Why won't you leave frying pan woman alone!?
If you were infected today by that man, you wouldn’t see the symptoms this quick.
I did fill it out online, way back in April, but a census taker came by anyway this week.  My wife wasn't sure what to do, so they just left paperwork, which oh-so-helpfully included an *invalid* ID to log into the census website.  Lovely.  So I clicked the "I dont have an ID" and took the census again, saving the confirmation number this time.  I guess I got counted twice, so we get extra representation now.  No, we shouldn't threaten census takers, but I'm not sure how valid the data is if they're sending people around to double count houses.
Why not leave a flyer on the door?
Can't you call the cops if someone attempts to assault you while you're doing gov'ment stuff?
I don’t think Charlotte is having any door-knockers. All online. Which will mean the count is incredibly unreliable.
My god, some people are just born to be Karens.
So I did the census earlier this year. Why are they asking again now?
Look the census should not be taking place during a pandemic.  Period
Have you ever met someone who is married to a tiger and has dual citizenship in Florida?
Who's bright idea was it to have people going to people's homes during a viral pandemic?  Please do not come to my door and especially don't come to my door if you've just tested negative for Covid for the first time in 3 months.  WTF
Boo fucking hoo. What a niche issue.
Not saying you deserved any of this, but what did you expect from census working? These are bottom of the barrel people’s doors your knocking on. I wouldn’t do any census working without a respirator on my face and a 9mil on my hip...
Frying Pan Lady was kind of funny, but Big Coughing Man makes me mad because now I have to do another quarantine when I have bills to pay. Sad how ignorant some are. Tell your brother to wear his mask and stay 6ft away from doors, I hope he stays safe!
Yeah, I was hired in February but tested positive in March and did a 100 day quarantine for safety. Didn’t start testing negative until early August, but Census still wanted to hire me. I knew they had to be a little desperate to still consider applicants after that long of a time had passed.
Thank you very much.
Definitely isn’t. Thank you for making his job a little easier! Every time someone answers and is polite it makes me feel a little more accomplished and happy. ☺️
I have a friend in Massachusetts that's had it for about nine weeks and her husband tested positive about 12 weeks ago. He hasn't had symptoms for six weeks but keeps testing positive. Her symptoms took about a week to come on fully then have stayed consistent the entire rest of the time.
I quarantined for 100 days for personal safety and my next door neighbor just had a new born so I wanted to be extra precautious. My second test was 30 days after testing positive the first time, I was still positive. 60 days after and I was still positive. My 80 day test came back negative, but it took me almost three weeks to receive the results so I was quarantined for 100 days.   If it makes you feel any better, my boyfriend has lived with me the whole time and we did no type of distancing (he refused) and he never tested positive at all.
I don’t understand the logic. While I was positive we had plenty of people knock on our door- once for census, church donations, etc that all left flyers because we just... didn’t answer for their own health lol
Yeah, I stay about 8 ft away and ring the doorbells with this little finger stick thing 😂 The guy was pretty offended I didn’t try to help him, too. I actually stepped further back 😅
Yeah, I’m pretty sure it’s my placebo brain being dramatic. I’ll take one for the team and just D-word this time though. 😂
..... Not sure what you expect me to do with this.... 🙂
They don’t double count, there’s a random draw for  follow ups to assure all the info is correct. Unfortunately they don’t use a better way to make that clear to census takers.
We do when no one answers..
Yep. It’s a federal crime, not a state one since we’re government workers. Pretty much anything is an automatic felony.
We’re a completely different sector but I do have a friend doing door to door in Charlotte as well- however I believe they’re doing a much smaller scale and only have 20-30 people covering the whole city over a prolonged period, rather than sending out 100-200 in a short period.
Some people are contacted twice to make sure information gathering is accurate.
You cannot get a virus if you just did it online like they asked months ago.
I almost agree, but this is how I’m feeding myself rn so I don’t care lol. People can totally choose to not answer their doors, and that’s A-Okay. But if I was working anywhere else, I’d be at the same if not more rate of exposure.
A lot of people are positive for months, and you can only be contagious for a 10-14 day period. I took my precautions and understand your view, but we also sanitize everyone’s door bells after ringing them if that helps any... 😅  I don’t see the census any different than delivery drivers.
I mean we would have a nationwide census this year. Could 2020 get any crazier?!
Lol who hurt you?
> problems aren't worth talking about if only some people experience them
Sounds great in theory, but bills don’t pay theirself.
This was not a bottom of the barrel neighborhood... it was a gated home community with million dollar homes.
Chances are he was fucking with you to be a dick. Checks out since he hasn’t answered the census yet.
Did you get paid during the quarantine? I hope you did.
I applied and was sad I didn't even get an interview
People can test positive weeks after getting over an infection because they are still shedding RNA debris from dead viruses.
You need to get rid of him.   He will likely get it and give it to you.
Aside from the COVID issue there’s also the issue of him being a larger man and you a smaller woman and he wants you to come close to his door to his house? Yeah no thanks.
Yeah the paperwork he left didn't say "we're confirming your data," it said "you need to take the census." So I did, again.  And since the ID he wrote was invalid, now I'm expecting yet another visit.
Ah thanks
Having people come to my home 10x a week is dangerous.  Having people come to my neighbors homes 10x a week is dangerous.  It should have been postponed.   You do know it is just to redraw the districts right?  And last time here in NC, the Republican Party was caught packing districts in a bad scandal.  It’s taken 8 years to get it corrected thru the NC state Supreme Court.   And that’s why they want the census stuff so badly.  They need to redraw those districts!    Deadly disease?  We can’t wait, elections are on the line.  It’s pathetic.  Why don’t you census people deliver some mail while you are at it.  Be useful
They should have postponed it until the danger to you was nil.  Now, if you catch the virus those in power are actually making it harder for you to sue them.  If you suggested you became sick on the job, they would suggest you caught the virus at a grocery store. And to answer the second part of your statement, going door to door is more dangerous.  Where do people quarantine?  At home.  Outside of you doing surveys at a covid drive thru testing site, you pretty much are visiting ground zero locations.
This is the best answer, people will stand at the door and wait with a big shit eat'n grin for a food delivery guy or a amazon package but gripe and moan over a census taker?
Delivery drivers drop things off and leave with zero contact.  I then put the box in my garage for 48 hours before opening it and sanitizing it's contents.  It is very different.
I didn't say "bottom of the barrel neighborhood". I said "bottom of the barrel people". Shitty people live everywhere. Most shitty people probably haven't done the census online, so you'll be knocking on their doors, regardless of where they live.
Honestly that’s what I’m hoping for and the best case scenario, but he looked similar to exactly how exhausted I looked when I had it. Plus multiple other homes in the area had signs saying they were a positive household and not to come near. Very grateful for those considerate souls.
I didn’t, I hadn’t started my training and became an official employee yet.
I wonder if that means they aren’t contagious?
Thank you!   I had almost all of the mild symptoms. Didn’t feel very mild though, I have to admit.   To list them out I had: mild trouble breathing, loss of smell/taste, loss of appetite, cough (to the point of coughing up little bits of blood from my throat becoming raw), insane body aches I have never experienced... as someone who runs four triathalons a year... I have asthma now and some scarred lung tissue. I had vomiting, night sweats and day chills, runny nose, headaches too.  I was probably sleeping 18+ hours a day, only waking up to be force fed by my boyfriend and then bathed.   I still get a little breathless coming up my apartment stairs and there’s only about 12-15 of them. My taste has almost completely returned, but I tried going for a morning run and yeah... not happening any time soon 😂
She’s saying he wouldn’t distance from HER, not commenting on his interactions with the rest of society.
He quarantined with me the whole 100 days and was my primary caretaker. He only left the house to drive me to testing centers, and his force feeding of nutritious food, OTC meds and supplements is probably the only reason I’m semi okay now. Please be respectful.
They only provide us with so much paper. 😅 Not sure what to tell you, it wasn’t me that came to your home.
Fuck the downvotes. You’re right. Hold your ground.
Fair, but plenty of people are asymptomatic spreaders. If you’re quarantined you shouldn’t answer the door, lol. Unfortunately the census can’t be postponed since it’s decennial.
Speak for yourself.
I was referring to food delivery. And most people don’t do that with food. It’s okay to just no answer the door. It’s still no excuse to be violent.
Ah damn...
That seems to be the case.  [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/faq.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/faq.html)  # Transmission  When is someone infectious?  The onset and duration of viral shedding and the period of infectiousness for COVID-19 are not yet known with certainty. Based on current evidence, scientists believe that persons with mild to moderate COVID-19 may shed replication-competent SARS-CoV-2 for up to 10 days following symptom onset, while a small fraction of persons with severe COVID-19, including immunocompromised persons, may shed replication-competent virus for up to 20 days. It is possible that SARS-CoV-2 RNA may be detectable in the upper or lower respiratory tract for weeks after illness onset, similar to infections with MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. However, detection of viral RNA does not necessarily mean that infectious virus is present. Based on existing literature, the incubation period (the time from exposure to development of symptoms) of SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses (e.g., MERS-CoV, SARS-CoV) ranges from 2–14 days.  &#x200B;  [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/duration-isolation.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/duration-isolation.html)  # Recommendations  1. Duration of isolation and precautions  For most persons with COVID-19 illness, isolation and precautions can generally be discontinued 10 days after symptom onset and resolution of fever for at least 24 hours, without the use of fever-reducing medications, and with improvement of other symptoms.  A limited number of persons with severe illness may produce replication-competent virus beyond 10 days that may warrant extending duration of isolation and precautions for up to 20 days after symptom onset; consider consultation with infection control experts.  For persons who never develop symptoms, isolation and other precautions can be discontinued 10 days after the date of their first positive RT-PCR test for SARS-CoV-2 RNA.  2. Role of PCR testing to discontinue isolation or precautions  For persons who are severely immunocompromised, a test-based strategy could be considered in consultation with infectious diseases experts.  For all others, a test-based strategy is no longer recommended except to discontinue isolation or precautions earlier than would occur under the strategy outlined in Part 1, above.  3. Role of PCR testing after discontinuation of isolation or precautions  For persons previously diagnosed with symptomatic COVID-19 who remain asymptomatic after recovery, retesting is not recommended within 3 months after the date of symptom onset for the initial COVID-19 infection.  For persons who develop new symptoms consistent with COVID-19 during the 3 months after the date of initial symptom onset, if an alternative etiology cannot be identified by a provider, then the person may warrant retesting; consultation with infectious disease or infection control experts is recommended. Isolation may be considered during this evaluation based on consultation with an infection control expert, especially in the event symptoms develop within 14 days after close contact with an infected person.  For persons who never developed symptoms, the date of first positive RT-PCR test for SARS-CoV-2 RNA should be used in place of the date of symptom onset.  4. Role of serologic testing  Serologic testing should not be used to establish the presence or absence of SARS-CoV-2 infection or reinfection.
He knew she had it and didn't care.  So he doesn't give a fuck about what she wants and if he gets it and infects others.     No sugar coating the fact he is a pos.
Yeah, I'm not blaming you.  You have way more reason to be upset than me.  Are they really making you quarantine even though you've already had it? That's stupid.  Good luck!
Death can’t be postponed either it seems.  Or avoided at this point.
OR he prioritized taking care of her over his own health.
What nonsense is this? Are nurses POS because they go near sick people?  He helped take care of her, was apparently heathy enough to fight it off, and didn’t get sick or infect anyone else.   Maybe you’re the POS for adding needless hostility to the world.
They told me to what feels the safest, but I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if I infected someone else so he was my last case for the next two weeks 😅
It never really has been, unfortunately.
That was sarcasm, of course you can avoid it 😉.  Make good choices and put your middle finger up to BS.   Like going door to door in a friggin pandemic.  It’s like opening a plane door mid flight to check the weather.

Cluster of COVID-19 cases reported at Clayton Fire Department :: WRAL.com


NC State vs. Virginia Tech football game pushed back two weeks after COVID-19 pause

Cancel the season, ACC, you fucking psychopaths!
LOL "two weeks" that's cute. It ain't gonna be two weeks...
Not only for the health and safety of the players and everyone who will be at the games, but also for the many, many watch parties that will be held by off campus students.  I really hope the ACC scrubs the games, but…there is all that money in the ACC Network.

NC State students ordered to leave university housing after 'unrelenting' spread of COVID-19

No shit. Just drive down Hillsborough St and tell me how much social distancing you see. I heard a bunch of people in a backyard one night and they had tarps put up some so you couldn't see in the backyard. It was going to fail from the beginning.
What did they expect to happen? Now all of these students will be returning to their parents and hometowns to spread it further.   I am extremely sympathetic to these students, I cannot imagine years of my college experience being stripped from me. But I am very curious what the conversations were like between UNC System leadership in weeks leading up to the school year.
No One could have possibly seen this coming! s/ 🙄
NC State  got that tuition coin and now it's time for the students to GTFO.
Yep. And u literally stay like there.... Makes it worse. It's like I see a college student and I run away for my life and I'm tall grown black man... I avoid them like the plague and they always running and shit every day all day around here so if they get itt they not going die be running like they running for a marathon n shit
The school system played you again? Lol im so shocked
We got your money, time to leave now.  No refunds either!
My son is a student at State, lives off campus, and according to him everyone in his peer group is completely over this crap, and ready to get back to their lives. No one cares if they get sick with what amounts to a cold. The quicker it moves through the student population, the sooner they can get over it and resume their education.
"if we can get them all in the door for in-person, then we can charge them the full rate for tuition. Then when the virus runs rampant, we can say it's their fault and that is why they don't deserve reduced tuition rates for a reduced education."  That was the conversation.
I spoke to one of my neighbors who sent her son to school, signed a lease then college went remote. Both parents ended up losing both jobs. These college admins and officials were way in over their heads thinking they can control outbreaks.   The US govt couldn't do it, what gave them so much confidence? Now they've seen it with their own eyes and cutting losses before college kids are found dead on campus.
I am a little surprised universities closed so suddenly. A redditor commented a month ago that uni's would close 3 weeks after opening, citing a statistics friend at John's Hopkins. Quite prophetic now that I think about it.
"Well the Republican legislature put us in these roles and what do they want? Well, they want what the President wants, so open the doors!"
Tuition wouldn’t have a cost difference if they had gone online to begin with, only wouldn’t missed out on housing and meal plans.
lol, I feel the same way about teenagers and college age kids. I avoid them in stores. I just don’t trust their little germy non socially distancing asses.
U right
> Woodson said students will receive prorated refunds for their fall semester housing and dining
My kids are also at state and say the complete opposite of this.
>No one cares if they get sick with what amounts to a cold.  180k deaths in 7 months of your fellow countrymen but people are somehow still comparing it to a cold.  That's why our country is so fucked.
Well that’s pretty fucking selfish if my child said that I’d be to dam embarrassed to admit it. Might want to have a chat with your son and explain selfish folks aren’t cool.
Maybe you raised selfish, assholey kids?  Edit: yeah, a brief look at your profile confirms my suspicions. Fuck off with encouraging people to defy mask requirements. You should be jailed.
No evidence that getting it makes you immune for life btw
How many people have you seen hospitalized from a cold? You mouth-breathing selfish bastard.  Someone should just beat your ass in front of your son for posterity - so maybe, just maybe, he doesn't grow up to be an absolute selfish piece of shit like yourself.  Commence downvoting, idgaf.
Last time I checked you didn't get heavy instances of blood clotting from a cold. Because that's what COVID is.
Holy fuck you are so stupid. Ironic that you preach religion and god and then turn around and be a selfish piece of shit
You and your son are idiots.
Good for you and your son.  Now fuck off.
College student here. If we all get sick and don’t leave campus what’s the big deal? The odds of it seriously impacting a 18-23 year old are incredibly small. If someone doesn’t want to take the risk let remote learning be an option as well.
I'm out of the loop. Is there a counter argument to the "open the university to charge tuition and close university". Surely there's some other reasons to open for 2-3 weeks.
Not prophetic. Statistics.
True, but i think the in person element attracts more enrollment than online only.
Housing/meal plans more expensive than tuition.
Lol facts... I'm EST. 1983 so I know what ya mean
They won’t receive refunds for parking permits however which are absurdly expensive.
Are they receiving refunds on tuition?   No fucking way remote learning is worth the same as in person.   What about the money or cost them to actually move in.    Having in school classes is always about money.
That guy literally commented:  "The only way out is for us all to lead society in non-compliance. Stop wearing diseased nose rags on your face.  Shake hands.  Hug.  Have big loud parties.  Get your ass to church."
Apple don’t fall far from the tree, it seems.
For breaking what law?
For life no but some experts are expecting a year at minimum. Pretty sure the CDC just said “at least 3 months” Coronavirus are stable compared to something like the flu so it would be a sound assumption to assume Immunity for a > time than that of a Influenza virus.
Cause school will be run only by students, there won't be any service workers or professors that come in contact with students? And all the students are in their prime so they have no underlying conditions?  Good that you're in college, cause you're pretty fucking dumb.
>  If we all get sick and don’t leave campus what’s the big deal?  Because 'you' will spread COVID throughout the community. Giving it to your professors, staff members, people working at grocery stores, liquor stores, anyone you possibly come in contact with.   That inevitably will lead to a whole lot of deaths that wouldn't have happened had you not moved in in the first place and just had online courses.   Think about it, a single 80 person event in Boston, led to up to 20,000 infections, many of those people having zero connection to the original people.   Just because yes, statistically you won't die from COVID (may have lifelong effects from it though, but that's a different story), but just because you wont die, do you think it's acceptable to allow others in your community die?
[Stay off the weeeeed](https://youtu.be/Cil7tOPh4qM)
Think forward here. Do you think an 18-23 year old is going to stay on campus? Do you think they won’t leave campus for a tinder match? Or to pick up a dub? Or to go to that sweet smoke spot you heard about from your buddies a year ago?
Less of a counter arguemnet, and more of a lateral-arguement.... but some people have mentioned that perhaps insurance for having to close the school wouldn't payout if they didn't try to open.   So they always knew it was going to be bad and they'd need to close.... but now the insurance check is about to hit.
To spread the virus
All of the traditional colleges really need to make a point somehow that they provide something better than the schools that typically teach online.
Prophetic statistics? Maybe
Yeah but if a lot of students took a year/semester off or deferred then they may have admitted more students who didn’t get accepted to ncsu.
They're refunding housing and meals.
Everyone knew there was a risk of going back online in the fall when they signed up.   Looks like they can still get a 90% tuition refund:  https://studentservices.ncsu.edu/your-money/bill/refunds-and-reimbursements/refunds-for-withdrawal/
No difference in tuition for online classes or in person classes and NCSU doesn’t set the tuition cost FYI.
That dude needs to cover my medical bills for the optic nerve damage i just sustained from that eye roll
Whar kind of church is so into people's asses? I think I'll pass.
Oh shit, he's triggered.
You don’t take any days off lol
Do hwat now?
3 months wouldn’t even get these students through the semester. And the range between 3 months and a year is a lot. What if someone got it multiple times in a school year?
I’m a mechanical engineering student and member of Tau Beta Pi which means I’m in the top 1/8 of my class. I’m also involved heavily on my campus with a leadership role. I have had 2 previous internships at a hospital and had 7 different internship offers. But yeah I’m pretty fucking stupid.
I completely understand everything you said. I wanted a lockdown in February. I wanted masks before the media picked it up. I slept more time reading preprints and studies than 95% of people on this sub. I worked at a hospital at the time and Saw how distressing it was to everyone. I saw the plans we drew up to up capacity and turn unused floors into a field hospital. But we never had the surge we feared. We didn’t have a single patient until April. I know some people who have gotten it and been very sick. I know many who got it and show no symptoms. Looking through the CDC statistics on excess Deaths for this year will show you that there isn’t a very significant bump in excess deaths this year until you get 65+. Now if you combine that with pre existing conditions the risk for the average person is not that high. It’s definitely worse than the Flu and recent scares we have had but it’s no world ender.   I haven’t gone to a single party or bar while many of my friends have gone. I understand the gravity of the situation but I also understand the reality of 18-23 year olds. Even during the hight of lockdown there were “secret parties”.   There is so much we still don’t know but the best recent evidence is showing a declining death rate. We also have at least 3 proven treatments that I know of (I haven’t been reading as much in recent weeks, as I’m working again).   We can’t stay like this forever. And I’m not confident waiting for a vaccine is the best Move either. While I have no doubts we will have a safe and effective vaccine in the coming months. I do have my doubts people will be willing to get it. Too much conspiracy BS going around
Did any of those some people mention which insurance companies would write policies that cover operating costs of state-owned universities?
"Immigrants are bad" argument is starting to grow on me. /s
I think it's less 'evil' than that even. I do think they people so well separated from students (and many without educational backgrounds) 'assumed' students would be fine.   They were told students would behave, measures were in place, steps have been done, and closing schools would cost football and a whole lot of revenue (and likely some of their jobs).   Then as soon as they open and see the clusterfuck of children who don't care, who have been cooped up since March, it was bound to happen.   I still think a few of those people need not to be back on the board come next year.
The Catholic Church.
3 months is playing it extremely safe. It’s likely they will be for life. Note I said likely not proven  If you’re worried about getting it again you might as well worry about the roof falling on you   https://youtu.be/zJJ5gw2cVkA  Edit: no clue why I’m getting downvoted the experts for the most part agree after being exposed we will have long term immunity.
Ummm yeah? You can be academically smart and still be fucking stupid. Good grades and all your internships isn't everything, you know?  If you want an example, you can look at yourself. Smart guy at school, but still a complete moron
BuT i'M An EnGiNeEr stfu. Being an engineer doesn't mean you cant be dumb. Being in a leadership role doesn't make you smart or a good leader. Look at our fucking President. You need to go take some humanities credits before you graduate.
I would say you are far understating the reality of things based on your age, but yes, we don't have to stay like this forever.  If people (especially currently young people) wear masks and stay apart, we can get community transmission of COVID down and go back to reopening as many countries have done so safely and with only small pockets of COVID.   What universities are doing is reckless, and your suggestion of it not being a big deal because you are young is unfortunately reckless as well.  Stay safe out there.
No idea personally, but I could possibly see coronavirus being covered in "acts of god" type of clauses in insurance.  If memory serves, the British Open (tennis) was cancelled this year due to corona, and they received a ridiculously monster insurance payout (they've been paying on the disaster insurance policy for like 50+ years).
Lots of problematic assumptions here.
First of let me clarify that I thing opening school in person is a bad idea. All you had to do to know that was look at Israel.   However I’ll let you know that I spent every day from mid February through April stressing about Covid and obsessively reading every scientific article published on the subject. With no time for peer review there was a ton of conflicting info that was contradictory to each other. I was visually upset and depressed the whole time. I was extremely worried about my friends and family I encouraged all my friends and family to abide by every precaution possible. I got extremely angry at some of my close friends for what I considered to be gross negligence. Every level of government failed to have an effective response this should have been nearing its end by now.  It’s absolutely devastating our county people out of work, not being able to pay rent etc... it’s hard to weigh the devastation of Covid against continued lockdown.
I’m a senior so they’re already taken. Philosophy is one of my favorite subjects and I believe in utilitarianism. Hence lockdown is bad for more people than it’s good for at this point. IMO Sweden was fine look at them distancing on their own no intervention needed they survived and weren’t much worse than is. Also please look at my other posts in this thread to get a better understanding of where I stand on the matter. Such a a shame that this became political.
No not really. The initial evidence indicates a strong Tcell response. This almost certainly means long term immunity.
Interesting that you use Sweden as the benchmark when most experts I've seen discussing country's responses seem to agree that Sweden did not do a very good job. They have the highest death rate among the Nordic countries and among the highest in all Europe. They're also a much, much, much smaller country than the US. They still have a higher death rate per 1M people than the US.   As for the politics, I don't think I made the topic at hand particularly political by referencing 45's inability to lead effectively, but nevertheless the American covid response has been a political issue for months now. I agree, that is a shame.   And seriously, as a word of advice from a fellow NCSU engineering grad, no one ever wants to hear "I'm an engineer" as a supporting argument for your intelligence, accomplishments, or any other measure of worth. And while I've proven this following stereotype true in my own comments here, remember: "How do you know if someone's an engineer? They'll tell you."
Philosophy is a joke at NCSU. Most non-majors take 340 as their elective. That class' curve is so ridiculous a 40 as your final grade gets curved up to a C. Also no attendance required. It's pretty much unspoken to be an easy 3 credits.  Also I'm friends with many engineering grads from state, I'm sure they vehemently disagree with you. They've all been working from home and prefer not to go back until this shit gets under control.
As of today per Johns Hopkins Sweden has a death rate of 57.12 per 100,000 the US has a death rate or 54.93 per 100,000.   I wasn’t really referencing you making it political just speaking in generalities. There seems to be tribes with this now and it’s hard to communicate effectively when even the smallest deviation from some people’s views sends them off a cliff.   And thanks for the advice I was just annoyed at that other guy for assuming I was an idiot based off of one off handed comment and a stupid username that I want to change but didnt realize I can’t after making the account lol.   What I will say is that al majors at college aren’t created equal. I know many, I’m sure you do too, who had to change to an easier one. I don’t think just saying “I went to college” means a thin  because some of those majors are easier than highschool.
Never said I went to NCSU
Bro you’re stupid I know you irl
No you don’t lol I’m not from here

Gov. Roy Cooper to talk about next phase of easing COVID-19 restrictions Tuesday

And we can all bank on the fact that this will piss off both the anti mask nut jobs for not completely opening and everyone else for being too wreckless.  Because that's the state of our nation right now.
Didn’t Wake county’s numbers *just* spike because of students?
It will be interesting to see what restrictions will be eased.  My money is on the gyms after what Planet Fitness, Crunch, et al have decided to do.
Wouldn't be surprised if theaters, bars, and gyms are all opened with restrictions.  With masks and distancing, I see no issue with [theaters or other quiet indoor activities like museums.](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/08/wear-your-mask-and-stop-talking/615796/).  [This seems like a reasonable request from bar owners](https://indyweek.com/news/northcarolina/zack-medford-op-ed-bars/) even though bars are clearly at high risk.  And it seems like gyms have found a legal loophole anyway so maybe it's better to allow them to open with certain restrictions than turning a blind eye to or fighting the loophole.
>We have had more than 75,000 individual check-ins at our five South Carolina O2 Fitness clubs over the last three months. Following these same strict sanitation and distancing protocols, we have not had a single case of COVID-19 spread associated with our clubs.   Wonder how they know this.
Unfortunately, it seems like things are likely to move into Phase 3 (or Phase 2.75 at least)... I don't think there's any real justification for opening up more, except that it's been a while and people are going to start getting more ridiculous if we don't.  Hopefully things like bars, movie theaters, and large gatherings will stay limited or closed. We are keeping our head above the water (if only just)... but it doesn't take much for the current to pull you under completely.
Yas! Cannot wait to go see Tenet in theaters next weekend with masks and social distancing!
I was in Portland and Seattle last week and it’s incredible how people actually social distance everywhere and comply with masks. Even walking outside in parking lots. They have restaurants open and the ones we went into were so strict on capacity, hand washing, mask wearing, ect. It was refreshing to see, and also embarrassing knowing what our state has acted like.
> anti mask nut jobs for not completely opening  I'm not anti-mask at all, but yeah we need to open up. I'm sure I'm not alone on that front
"The total new lab-confirmed cases on the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services (NCDHHS) COVID-19 Data Dashboard for Aug. 29 reflects an increase caused, in part, by approximately 1,000 positive tests from dates in the first half of the month that were reported to NCDHHS by LabCorp. The Department is working with LabCorp to understand the cause of the delayed reporting; however, LabCorp confirmed that individuals were not delayed in receiving their results."  Per [NCDHHS](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard) website.
They put him over a barrel, for sure.  With their collective cash, they could win a legal challenge on his authority to keep them closed, and that would end the governor's ability to have any control on this whatsoever.
That's what I'm guessing too. Try to get ahead of the rest of the gyms before they decide to take advantage of the doctors note loophole.
What kind of metric are you looking for to going beyond Phase 3?
I'd pay $15 to rent it on Amazon. I'll have to wait 😥
Were they socially distancing in Portland when that Antifa guy killed the guy with whom he disagreed politically?
also in the same boat as you , once we opened anything ( banks,walmart,abc store, everything else should have been allowed)    Some countries send food boxes to citizens and asked them to stay home for a few weeks. IDK if they experienced a better path . yet it would have been nice in USA
Thanks for the info! I guess that means it’s been about even all month then, which doesn’t really scream “open more things!” to me.
A significant reduction in 7-day average cases, hospitalizations, and clusters such that would indicate reopening would not pose a substantive risk to reverting infection rate or risk to public health to higher than before Phase 2 began.
Well thankfully we were on the coast when that happened and were away from that. Terrible situation. Absolutely horrible.
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/08/30/us/portland-shooting-explained.html You mean the 600 car caravan that drove through a crowd against local police/government wishes and was shooting paintballs and throwing stuff at the protestors?  Whether or not he was armed when he died, the video showed him running at the person that killed him. Don't pretend he was there for peace.
You should have a look at how New Zealand handled it. Per capita they were 100 cases out of 100,000 when we were 11,000 out of 100,000 (this data is from when they were at their worst months ago).
Me either. But with the gyms opening up tomorrow I expect that's the announcement he'll be making. Some are hypothesizing that he will also include theatres (I really hope not). We'll see what happens then though.
Remember the goal of shutting down everything wasn't to wait until 0 cases before reopening, it was to flatten the curve and keep it flat, so there's hospital beds available for those who need them.
It also helps NZ is an island country, has a population half the size of North Carolina, and completely closed their borders - factors which NC does not have and can not do.
I don't think it would be such a bad thing to open theaters, especially if they can spread out and require masks.  Research is now showing that being inside but not talking loudly is not very risky and outside of a few laughs (need for masks), people are quiet.  This is likely the reason we haven’t seen many cases tied to public transportation.   [Atlantic Article Discussing This](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/08/wear-your-mask-and-stop-talking/615796/)
I understand that. It looks like the amount of things we have had open (restaurants, breweries, and etc.) has done just that: flattened the curve. If we open more things, it seems more likely that the trend will move upward.
Yeah, that's why I used the per-capita analytics over the population and case counts as a basic equation.
*“What we’ve learned from the mask experience is that many Americans don’t like being told what to do if they don’t understand why it’s necessary,” Jimenez said. “People need to understand that this virus is in the air, and that they breathe out 10 times more virus when they are shouting or speaking loudly.”*   Quote from that article.   Not to be rude but there is zero research in that article. Professional opinions, yes.   I agree that if people remained quiet, wore their mask and didn't remove them to talk/cough/sneeze then theatres should be considered. But we're in the south. We live in a purple state and that means there's a very high chance idiots are going to be in that theatre with us.  Studies also show that this virus can remain in the air for [3 hours](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7367780/). Movie theatres aren't well ventilated either afaik.   I just don't think theatres being open is a good idea for this state. Maybe other states. I just see it being a problem in this one. That's my opinion though.
I’ll be honest, I’m not an expert.  It sounds like either situation could happen, and I also understand we can’t keep huge segments of the economy closed forever.    In general, I’ve trusted what Cooper and to a greater extent, Dr Cohen have done so far and I’m keeping an open mind.  I’m also continuing my diligence in my family life even if I’m surrounded by others who aren’t.  At least I know I’m doing what I can to keep others safe even if they aren’t doing the same back.
Per capita doesn't matter when they have other factors outside of our control - such as being surrounded by water on every side and the ability to control exactly who comes in and who goes.
I went to Wegmans last week and some guy in the middle of the aisle just casually pulled his mask down while looking for something. Imagine what happens as soon as the lights go off in a theatre.
Any reopening has risk due to assholes, sure.  Based on expert opinion and the logistics of how a theatre can space people out, the risk appears to be relatively low.  Under the assumption that we should open nonessential business based on risk (which is seemingly cooper’s ideology) it seems reasonable to open theaters next to me.
We didn't have options on whether people traveled to the US or not? If we didn't then why was Trump touting his denial of entry to the Chinese so early on? Per capita is a valid assessment and has been in the science community for as long as I can remember and even longer than that.   Being surrounded by water has nothing to do with anything either. We didn't (and still haven't) taken stringent enough measures to kick the virus below a 5% saturation in population.   I feel like you're just going to argue this for arguments sake though so I'll agree to disagree.
Sorry they aren't opening theatres.
Simply put, no.  You can't in any way, form, or function have a similar border closing of a country of over 300 million people as you do for a country of 3 million.  That doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out.    Even blockades of "hot spots" doesn't really mean much since someone would simply have to travel to a country that isn't blocked before traveling to the USA (which is exactly what happened).  Don't get me wrong.  I'm in absolutely no way defending the lack of measures taken as a country.  I'm appalled.  I'm simply trying to use **COMMON FUCKING SENSE** in who we compare ourselves to.  Such as, individual European countries or even Western Europe as a whole.  Or comparing individual states against each other.  But not to an island country such as Iceland or New Zealand that had luck not only to being extremely smart and diligent from day one (which is extremely important and in no way being degraded), but by being physically isolated from the rest of the world in ways other areas are not.
Again, agree to disagree.

[MEGATHREAD] Coronavirus-19 Part 3
New thread since the old one is kinda old, the old one can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/raleigh/comments/fql2bn/megathread_coronavirus19_part_2/).As always, the Discord link here, https://discord.gg/H7K4AMz.
 How long do people think universities are going to be open for? With students moving into dorms this weekend it’s just a matter of time before there are even more outbreaks...I’m giving it two months before students get sent home.
It's been a very long few months. After seeing that post about someone thinking about taking their life, I just want people to know they can reach out to me to chat or vent or whatever you need.   Times are tough right now in so many ways. We gotta try and help each other more than ever now.  AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE WEAR A MASK!
Reminder that  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)  is a great place to see how we are doing as a state. Since the mask mandate it does seem we have slowed the upward tick, now to just get it going down instead of level!  This website is a good resource for seeing the national level per capita  [https://globalepidemics.org/key-metrics-for-covid-suppression/](https://globalepidemics.org/key-metrics-for-covid-suppression/)
What can we do if our employer is basically refusing to acknowledge this? The majority of us have been working from for the last 4 months and they brought us in about 3 weeks ago and there’s 5 reported cases in the building, possibly more.   So far management has not made any changes or made any effort to make a plan of action despite numerous complaints and suggestions from workers. One person that sits near me was positive  and has been gone for a couple days and they just “let” us use vacation, not sick, time if we were “uncomfortable” being there.  Since going through the proper channels at work doesn’t seem to be doing anything, what else can we do?
Has anyone heard of CVS tests having really high false negatives?
Are bars re-opening? I was out walking a few days ago and saw that Flying Saucer and Little City and a few other places are open. Flying Saucer does serve food so maybe they're opening as *technically* a restaurant even though it's probably <5% of their revenue, but Little City doesn't serve food afaik.
564 cases on 8/17.  With 10,302 tests performed.  Something doesn't seem right again in NC numbers.. (IMO)
[Does the Common Cold Protect You from COVID-19?](https://www.the-scientist.com/news-opinion/does-the-common-cold-protect-you-from-covid-19--67792)  >There are emerging signs that some people might have heightened protection against SARS-CoV-2, perhaps thanks to recent infection by other coronaviruses.
Where is the best place to get tested for antibodies?  Chances are I had coronavirus in February.   I heard that if you donate blood and they test it for free.  People put me off from donating because they say the phlebotomists use big needles and are butchers. I wont go to a doctor because I don’t have good health insurance.
Trying to find rapid testing, it seems we have nobody in the area who does so. I may have been exposed and learned of such earlier this morning, but it seems the earliest I can get tested would be this Friday as nobody is doing non-appointment testing?
If you want to be extra safe and show solidarity please wear your mask while in your car.
My guess is they'll be open just long enough that they won't have to refund students for kicking them out.
The dorm life as a freshman (being so open to meeting new friends and romantic relationships, leaving your door room open, being bored due to so many places closed/not many things to do, wanting to party, etc) is a perfect storm for an outbreak. Tons of young people with freedom from their parents for the very first time aren't going to isolate in their rooms, no matter what safeguards are in place.
Less than 2 months IMO; I say two weeks to a month, based on situations in academic and childcare settings lately across the US (those with & without on site residency)
Idk about other schools, but I would be super surprised if NCSU didn't change to online only during August or September
A few weeks max. I remember first moving into the dorm at state, meeting all the cool folks on my floor and hanging out together all hours of the day and night. Within days of moving in we were gathered around the rich kid’s tv/vcr combo watching Omar’s dad’s VHS pornos and splooging all over Aiden’s north face sleeping bag. Huffing and puffing from all that communal jacking is sure to spread the rona.
AND WEAR YOUR GOGGLES!
How much longer do you think it will be? Surely we can't continue like this. Is it real? Is it a hoax?  Can you imagine?? But certainly, it can't go on much longer.  EDIT: curious as to why all the downvotes to a simple thought-provoking discussion question.
Do you know where to get stats on the ages of the deaths in NC? And also, how we stack up against other states in cases per 1000?
I hate it, but that is truly the question on everyone’s mind. Some form of it is really on so many peoples’ minds. How close is everyone sitting together? If they are not amenable to laying you off temporarily or letting you work from home, you would basically have to try to get fired, I think, and perhaps get unemployment then. It’s a leaderless society for sure, rudderless, and every man/woman for himself/herself.
Sounds like we work at the same place. You work off Glenwood?
The major commercial tests in use have about a 20% false negative rate. Almost no false positives for what that's worth.
According to this no and its completely WACK go ahead and down vote for my opinion you should see the amount of people who were at the airport the other day to get onto a tin can.  [https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/nc-remains-in-phase-2-bars-and-gyms-will-stay-closed-until-september-11/19220448/](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/nc-remains-in-phase-2-bars-and-gyms-will-stay-closed-until-september-11/19220448/)
> Little City doesn't serve food afaik.  They are also a catering company and are serving take-home dinner kits as well which is probably how they get around the "bar only" thing.
LabCorp is where I got it done. I got the results 12 hours later and the actual check-in and blood draw took around 10-15 minutes (I was the only person waiting). I don't like rough phlebotomists myself (who does really) but the one drawing my blood was very skilled at limiting pain - it hurt less than even donating blood.   Most of the popular insurance companies are waiving fees for the test - google your insurance company + antibody test and see what they say, most will have a page explaining it. I know for a fact that any plan under Aetna and Cigna waive the fee.  On the off chance it's not covered completely, it's still very inexpensive through LabCorp. More here: https://www.labcorp.com/coronavirus-disease-covid-19/individuals/antibody-test (Scroll down to "How much does it cost?").
What? That doesn’t make sense
This is why we can't have nice things (anymore).
How many people have died? How much effort has society put into slowing covid versus your regular flu?
Can confirm that is the decision at NCSU. Some idiot employee spilled the tea when having an informal conversation with one of their IT contractors. Shady as heck but NCSU admin are waiting until the refund period is over. Then the kiddos will be remote learning the rest of the semester.
Yeah
I thought that decision was already made? At least for UNC-CH
Too far...
Man you funny
My guess would be at minimum the rest of the calendar year.   The school outbreaks are imminent, then Labor Day weekend gatherings (re; cases that followed Memorial Day weekend & July 4th), cooler temperatures will force people back inside, then some families will refuse to do thanksgiving/Christmas apart after it’s already been 6 months without seeing each other
We’ve got at least a year of this situation until things will get better.  There are vaccine candidates in Phase 3 testing right now, but we have to wait a year to see how effective they were. At that time we have to deal with manufacturing enough doses to treat everyone around the world and the logistics thereof.
It wasn't \*a\* question, you asked a few.  The fact that you might think it's a hoax is almost certainly what got the downvotes.  No, it's not a hoax.
If it’s a hoax it’s a damned masterpiece.  How in perfect hell could someone, some group, get damned near every healthcare worker (millions, likely billions of people) across the globe to agree/take part in such a conspiracy? In the US it’s nearly impossible to get anyone to actually do their job on a GOOD day.  Were these people promised the peace of nirvana?  I cannot understand the logic behind this “hoax” ideation.
It will go on for as long as you allow it to go on.
If you go to  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases)  and scroll down to the part that says Demographic Data there is a radio button you can click that says deaths that will change the data from cases to deaths.   I have not seen a site that is doing death comparisons per capita so I think you would have to manually find that data by comparing the states you are interested in, however maybe someone else knows of a site that does that.
Well now im curious what company
Yeah. Does it start with F?
Thanks for the thorough reply.
Man that is such a $hitty thing to do...
All I remember is there was backlash about it, but I'm not sure if anything has changed since then.
Are we still not supposed to have small gatherings of friends and family? I thought the shelter in place recommendations were over.
Thank you.
I never said it was a hoax, I asked questions, which I've found disturbing to many redditors.
Wow! thanks. Ages 75+ is only 6% of the cases but sadly they are 57% of the deaths. What a very scary time.
?. you’re asking the wrong person
It does. End with a U? Big old building that smells like a library?
As the person replied, people are free to congregate but it’s wise to use caution.
They are. The poster is projecting his feelings/assumptions as facts. Do what you want but do it responsibly (whatever that means). This will fade. The country/world has been through worse it just didn’t have keyboard warriors and irresponsible media outlets invoking fear 24/7.
That’s the one. I guess we’re just SOL right?
Not presenting or projecting as facts when I literally said ‘my guess’
Well I was exposed to someone who’s positive so I won’t be back for some time. Thanks Harding. Off to a good start.
Just because you use those words doesn’t mean the tone matched.
Yup! I’ve heard that one of the managers was exposed so if he/she comes up positive that will hopefully shake things up.
This is a gotdamn mess.

Courthouse wedding in 2020/coronavirus

*** DUE TO THE CURRENT POLTICIAL CLIMATE ***, in an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, click the link below to send us a modmail.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Two Morrisville campers test positive for coronavirus.

Shocking. Im sure nobody saw that coming.
2 infected / 30 campers is about 7%.    If you include staff, it's probably closer to 6%.  There have been about 10,000 cases of Covid in Wake County since June, when this camp opened -- that's about 1% of the county's population.    So, camps are 6x as dangerous as the average, right?  No.  That's not a fair comparison, because it looks at ONE day camp that has infected campers and doesn't include the day camps that haven't had any.   I looked in June, and there were dozens of day camps operating in Wake County.   Although there have been a few situations like this here and there, it seems that there are dozens of other day camps that haven't had any issues.    I have no idea what the real percentage is, but it certainly seems like it's going to be less than 6%.
The sample size is far too small to be statistically significant.  That being said, anyone surprised by the fact that people caught COVID while participating in public gatherings is a fool.
Any % is too much.     Spreading this around is the problem.
You dont know if any of the other campers got it or not because it does not say how many were tested and what the results were
According to the article, the two who were infected were siblings. Seems more likely that they caught it at home.  But, my point was that day camps may not be any riskier than the normal sort of thing that people do during the pandemic.   That's not intuitively obvious, but part of that is likely because fewer kids are in camp and because camps are taking all sorts of precautions (including, among other things, shutting down and sanitizing if a camper is diagnosed).
Okay what is your solution?
Indeed.  Nobody would have Covid if it wasn't spread.
You're right.  I don't.  But, neither do you.
Hide in mom's basement until 2022.
I didnt make any claim that i know.
Neither did I.   We can only rely on the information that we have.   This is one of those "there are 10x as many undiagnosed cases out there" arguments, but those cut both ways.  Sure, if there are 10x as many undiagnosed cases, then it spreads much more easily than we think it does.  But, also, if there are 10x as many undiagnosed cases, then a far smaller proportion of cases are serious.

Neuse Christian Academy cancels in-person classes after student tests positive for coronavirus.

So, these people planned to open based on a belief that there would be zero cases in their school the entire school year?
Yeah, wtf? Schools either need to decide beforehand that they're okay with a certain number of active cases, and communicate that policy to parents, or they need to not bother opening.  Makes no sense.

From WRAL headline - New daily coronavirus cases, deaths lower than they've been since June

I want to believe.... But I have become slightly cynical. I hope this is true but I will not be surprised if there is data missing or something..  Here's hoping..
It’s been multiple weeks of the US cases declining (again) and deaths seem to have plateaued. The only data that could be prone to fuckery is the hospitalizations which was taken over by the Feds to supposedly manage emergency response and equipment distribution. Hospitalization time was actually down per the large systems as well. A small glimmer of hope for 2021.
Apparently a commercial lab was late submitting results, which led to today’s low numbers.   [Source.](https://twitter.com/lynn_bonner/status/1292944453561389063?s=21)
While testing was waaaaay down, hit 5% as well, first time since May!  It's unfortunate that everyone is going back to school all the sudden and there likley will be another jump in numbers, but the numbers are starting to look positive for NC, hopefully we can keep it up!
Right direction finally at least.  It’s been months since we were under 1000 new cases.  I will take the small wins until there is a vaccine.
I can’t believe news orgs reported the low number of cases today. It was obviously an error. Cases don’t just go from 1800 to 600 in a day.
Thank you. The numbers have been going down but today's numbers seemed too low to not have an anomaly like that.
And now the Tuesday dashboard is late on updating numbers.   Have they changed the ways labs report or something? What's with the lag?
Testing is indeed way down for some reason.  Lets see if it the testing numbers get back up we can get that positiive rate below 5% for two weeks.  that would be great.
Maybe they are running out of people to test? We've tested around 2m so far in the state, at some point the easy access pool starts to dry up.
It's way down from all Monday's. Like half of recent Monday's. Basically goes back to June 1st numbers.
There are 10 mil in the state and its not like once you are tested you dont need to be tested again. I am sure many folks have been tested more than once.
DHHS states that they remove duplicate tests. So roughly 20% of our population has been tested already. Those are probably the low hanging fruit, which is why testing has dropped off lately.
I know why testing has dropped off at least in part but i wont talk it about it on reddit.  its not some big conspiracy by the state or anything like that. its not on purpose, its just one of those things that happens and it will pick back up soon enough
Who said anything about a conspiracy? Just like everything, just the result of a normal bell curve.

Dog that died at NCSU vet school tested positive for coronavirus

At the end of the day, whether this turns out to be a false alarm like the pug (e.g., dog died and had virus present vs dog had actively replicating virus vs dog had active COVID infection that resulted in dog Edit: dying), people need to realize that social distancing and isolation includes pets as well, even if the risks of them becoming infected, actively spreading, or acting as fomites appears to be low. No one seems to care or realize things until it's their dog or their child or their X, when it doesn't matter that the risk was 0.0009%.

NC sees data delays, lowest coronavirus numbers in two months

We also only tested about 1/3 of usual counts in those past weeks.
If I was a conspiracy person I would think there are some shenanigans going on here.
The headline should really be something like: "NC sees data delays, partial data shows coronavirus numbers potentially decreasing"  I really hope the numbers are decreasing but we will see once the delayed source syncs up.  You can't say the numbers are decreasing when the number of tests reported to be administered are showing an obvious drop-off.
Yeah this.  I was psyched until I saw these numbers are off more like less 40-50% of where testing had been. So still potentially holding close to 2000 cases a day 6 weeks after mask order, not good.   If I put on my tin foil hat I would say its related to easing anxiety over school starting next Monday but it’s starting off virtual so doesn’t really make a case.
Why? Is it because we are low on tests or because less people are requesting to get tested?
They are only reporting hospitalization data to the Feds, it would have to be a multi-state conspiracy across political parties to do anything more sinister. In other words, it is what it is.
All you seem to post on reddit is weird coronavirus number stuff. Almost like you might be a "conspiracy person" deep down with a certain agenda hm..?
It could be related to the universities starting back? I know NC State has started back up, and that Duke/UNC are also starting soon.
I honestly don't know the reason for the low amount of test performed. Your guess would be as good as mine right now. The last 3 days our performed test have been dropping by about \~5k/day.
I don’t know the answer, but Tuesday is usually a big day with weekend reporting flowing through, and South Carolina and some of the other southern hotspots are down as well. Maybe good news (of course not) or something. I’m pessimistic.
So I guess WRAL also has an agenda? What do you think - I'm writing the headlines myself? And making the stats up myself?  Maybe *you're * the conspiracy person.
/r/rowdyelmAC thinks that if someone is drugged they can still provide consent  They are pretty backwards from what I could tell

WRAL Just In - Out of 3,000 Duke students tested for coronavirus, only 4 test positive — In its first wave of testing students at Duke University, only four tested positive out of the 3,116 tested. The four positive students are currently self-isolating.

Hopefully they do a much better job of self quarantining than the grad students did in the spring.
As someone who lives in an apartment building that is primarily occupied by Duke undergrads, not a fucking chance that this will last. Absolutely ZERO. Move-in day proved that for me.
Is there anyone checking on them to ensure they are still in self-isolation?  Do they have roommates that have to isolate as well?  Is someone bringing them food to help ensure they remain isolated?
What about the people they came into contact with up until the positive test? I guess we don't worry about those 45 or 50 people they may have been rubbing elbows with?
Wow, that's really interesting. Makes you realize the difference between seeing 5-10% of tests coming back positive when testing people with symptoms vs. testing the general population.
Do you know how the testing was conducted? I know some schools are distributing self-administered tests, which may effect their sensitivity.
Sure, cases are low in NJ so it makes sense that they are similar at The University of New Jersey - Durham.
Explain
Yes, yes, and yes.   There is a symptom tracker that also tracks your location on your mobile device (not perfect, but generally effective). There’s also probably some security guard in the dorms reserved for quarantine.  Anyone who came into extended contact with the person who tested positive has been placed in quarantine (rumored to be a minimum of 14 days without testing) and will receive a test after the incubation period.  Food is being delivered to the rooms of the students in quarantine.  Hope this answers your questions. There are still issues with COVID at Duke (mostly to do with 10% of students thinking that masks and testing make them invincible), but the institution has worked its ass off to do well.
It's not all that interesting. Those 'students' who were strongly recommended to stay home for two weeks before coming to Duke are not exactly representative of NC's population.   Now if would be great to get actual random COVID testing in the state, but I doubt very many people would be ok with that, an regrdless of the percentage of Duke students testing positive, the state needs to get overall tests (which they know are not completely random) under 5% for a minimum of 14 days to show community spread of COVID is stopping. We hit that one single day now since May, but there is hope with continued mask usage we will get there soon. However, those 400 kids having a party at ECU makes me worry that ain't gonna happen anytime soon, especially with more than half the state's kids going to in-person classes come next Monday.
North Carolina is the most common home state for the Duke class of 2023. New Jersey is only fifth. This isn't hard to look up
Several grad students tested positive last spring after a spring break trip everyone was supposed to self quarantine yet several where spotted and photographed being out and about.
Not to mention that many Duke students come from out of state, so yea. Agreed.  EDIT: they are actually 85% out of state so that explains a lot, actually.
Whatever, mark my words - we'll get positive tests under 5% and the goalposts will be moved yet again to prevent a return to normal.  Remember at the beginning it was supposed to be a lockdown for 15 days to "flatten the curve" and not overwhelm the hospitals, but here we are 5 months later, with deaths as a percentage of cases at an all-time low, and the goalposts keep getting moved.
It’s a joke. Your fun.
to be fair, that was right when the pandemic started and people everywhere were still not taking it seriously
Why would anyone want to prevent a return to normal?
You’re*
“To be fair” they had a duty to others to quarantine properly whether they agreed with the mandate or not so that’s a piss poor excuse.
lol.  Money and power (aka November).  Do you think it's just an insane coincidence that states opening up lean one way (politically) while states extending lockdowns are leaning the other way?  Think about that while Biden's new running mate conveniently claims that the economy is down because of the potus.  Regardless of which side you support, it's obvious that this issue is split down political lines.
That's a great question, and I don't have an answer.  But, I also don't understand why the goalposts for success keep getting moved if there isn't some other motivation besides a completely altruistic one.
I understand, just hopeful that attitudes will be more positive this time around.
I acknowledged the political divide in my post further down. Harris is correct, IMO. The countries that reopened successfully acted quickly, decisively, and with greater conviction than we did. Our POTUS just started recommending masks 2 weeks ago and it’s August. We also had the benefit of being one of the last to deal with the virus. We did poorly.  The flip side to your argument is that if Trump did all of these things and handled the crisis well, he’d be in a very good position for re-election in November. All polls indicate otherwise but his base doesn’t care about his performance here.
I’m not aware of any goals changing - I think the goal is to keep as many people alive as possible. However, if our tactics have changed, it’s likely because we adjust our models as we learn more about the virus and about our citizens. We also learn from other countries who successfully reopened while keeping transmission low (and countries who can’t get their transmissions under control). Everyone is frustrated, I get that.   I hear this argument a lot and it baffles me because no one wins here. Unemployment ran out and is difficult to get anyway - no one wants to be dependent on it. No one wants their job to be in jeopardy, especially if they like their work. I guess I don’t understand what conspiracy there could be to keep everyone indoors when it’s not even necessary. If people limited their social interactions, wore masks religiously, and stayed 6 feet away from each other, we could have almost all the things we miss right now. But people here don’t want to do that. There is evidence all over the world on how this could work, but we’ve made it political so there will be at least half the country who rebels.
The goalposts keep getting moved, because politicians are calling the shots instead of relying on information from medical studies and the advice from experts all over the world who have spent their entire careers preparing for this exact situation. No one in their right mind could possibly think that 15 days of staying at home would slow this down enough to where we could get control of it even as a state of just 10 million people.   It’s not that the goalposts keep getting reset. It’s that when we pass a milestone such as keeping hospital ICU beds from getting overwhelmed, the people in our society take that as a “well we did all what we were asked to do for two weeks and now we’re bored, so why are we continuing to take any more precautions??” Then we end up with the mess we have now where there are literally places prohibiting people from wearing masks, because they’ve decided to buck scientific facts in favor of siding with their favored political party.
We haven’t really been moving the goal posts. We haven’t been able to get our positive test rates below 5% yet.   If anything, the goal posts were moved up to make it easier to reopen. We moved to phase 2 well before we started meeting any of the criteria to initiate that step.
From the looks of all of the students gathering everywhere doesn’t look like any of them give any fucks unfortunately.
> I’m not aware of any goals changing  The original plan was a brief shutdown to not overwhelm the hospitals, because we knew that this being a novel virus, there would be no immunity and it will spread uncontrollably. We did that. Then we heard that as long as we had testing and tracing in place, we could start going back to normal. We have that now. Then we heard that the goal was to decrease the number of cases, based on our testing data. We did that/are doing that right now. Now I'm hearing that we are supposed to wait for a vaccine? That's what I call moving goalposts.  I don't understand what conspiracy there could be either, but the past 5 months have been eye-opening as to just how quickly people will get on board the fear train without thinking critically about how bad this thing actually is, or how many unintended consequences can take place from this unprecedented lockdown experiment.  Even questioning the policy choices brings on a brigade of downvotes and mean comments, instead of people engaging and actually discussing what is going on. It's truly bizarre.  > If people limited their social interactions, wore masks religiously, and stayed 6 feet away from each other, we could have almost all the things we miss right now.  I don't really know if that's true. I think we enacted the mask mandates too late, and spread was a guarantee from back in Feb/April before the mandates were in place. At this juncture, if we want to wait until zero people are dying every day, we'll need to wait for the virus to naturally run it's course and burn out (which it appears to be doing, fingers crossed), or we need to wait an unknown length of time for a vaccine to be widely accepted and distributed.
Where do you get the idea that "below 5%" was the initial goal?  We have the internet now days and can simply look up what was initially stated.    >Wake County Medical Director Dr. Kim McDonald said in a statement. "The short-term actions we take now, while they may be inconvenient, will help us slow the virus’ spread and reduce the burden on our health care system."   That is a quote from media (wral) in March.  There is currently no excessive burden on the health care system.  I'm not qualified to weigh in on the lockdown one way or the other, but the initial goal was indeed to "flatten the curve."  More notably, it is scary how easily (recent) history can "evolve."
I guess my frustration lies more with the national attitude. The goalposts I'm talking about are the fact that we went from "brief shutdown to prevent catastrophic overwhelming of the healthcare system" to "business restrictions/mandatory closures/mask mandates/school closures will remain in place until there's a vaccine".  Nobody was even considering waiting for a vaccine back in February/March, and that's when some were projecting millions of deaths nationwide. It's now clear we won't have anywhere that horrifying level of death, and the lockdowns aren't going away anytime soon.
> Then we heard that as long as we had testing and tracing in place  We still don't have this. People are waiting 5+ days to get test results back. We don't have enough tests to test the kids and staff that are going back to school.
The goal posts haven’t moved. The end zone is where it’s always been. The coach is calling different plays on each drive but the goal is the same. Despite all of the things you mention (testing, contact tracing, mask mandate) our results are largely some of the worst in the nation. We seem to be doing a little better over the last two weeks but with schools opening in many areas, I’m guessing we will lose ground there. We need to focus on the results. Unless they improve, we will be waiting for a vaccine.  The countries that did well through this have citizens that for better or worse either trusted their government or put their fellow neighbor over their inconveniences. People died here that didn’t have to. Young and old. There’s plenty to fear. My wife is high risk due to a pulmonary disorder. Do you have a family member you are willing to risk?  We are cautious but I’m hopeful. I understand people don’t like change but we’ve been through this before - it’s not entirely unprecedented and we had the benefit of watching the eastern hemisphere go through it before we were largely affected. If we were half as afraid of this virus as we were of ISIS, we’d have this under control by now.
You should try to use the internet a little harder. NC originally said the decisions to move to the next phases would by based on increased testing capacity and trends of cases, hospitalizations, and positive testing percentage. It’s pretty common knowledge now that sustained positive rates of under 5% is the general goal to show you have community spread under control. If you don’t believe me, fire up that internet and learn a thing or two.    > More notably, it is scary how easily (recent) history can "evolve."  Not sure what the goal off that sentence was, but it really just makes you sound like a conspiracy theory nut.
>  There is currently no excessive burden on the health care system  _currently_ is the key word there. There is currently a non-excessive burden and without the current measures we have in place, it is likely to cause it to change to be an excessive one. We've seen it recently in Texas, Mississippi, and Florida. It's not like we can't predict what would happen.
We've done two tests so far for my family. Both have had results back in under 36 hours.
Props for running with the football analogy :)  I really hope we're not left waiting for a vaccine while the economy collapses underneath us. That would cause a lot of undue pain and suffering.  The good news is that if you look at the larger trends, the virus seems to be slowing down/burning out on its own: https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/08/11/1006366/immunity-slowing-down-coronavirus-parts-us/  Also, children are much less likely to catch or spread the virus, so I'm really hoping (knock on wood) that we don't see an explosion of cases with school starting again.
Would you please provide a reference to your statement regarding the 5%?  I don't mind being corrected at all, but I need facts, not personal interpretations.
It’s a WHO guidance that places remain below 5% for 2 weeks before reopening. Here’s some info about that and each state’s status from Johns Hopkins:  https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/testing/testing-positivity
That WHO guidance that you referenced was issued in May, subsequent to when the initial decision to lockdown was made and instituted.  This is exactly what the other fella was saying.    It is also somewhat strange to expect to get below 5% positive when you're asking (until recently) ONLY persons who suspect to be infected to be tested.  Think about that.  But that's neither here nor there, I guess.
The WHO guidance was issued the same week that we initially entered lockdown. Your point about testing capacity helps prove my point even though you don’t realize it. One of the metrics for reopening was expanding our testing capacity. That’s because you can’t show you have the situation under control unless your testing is widespread enough to have lower than a 5% positive rate. Think about that. There’s no conspiracy about moving goalposts to keep things closed. I’m not sure why certain people try so hard to convince everyone there is.
With all due respect, it looks as though you're being completely dishonest.    https://files.nc.gov/governor/documents/files/EO121-Stay-at-Home-Order-3.pdf  I don't understand how you would conclude that the WHO guidance, clearly dated MAY 12, 2020, was the same week as the Stay At Home order dated MARCH 27, 2020.   Your credibility takes a hit (unfortunately).    Also, changing of the goal posts doesn't have to involve a "conspiracy."  It could simply be a reassessment.  Regardless, a change from the initial plan is indeed considered "moving the goal posts" -- whether there is a legitimate reason or not.  How is that hard to understand?  Not everything has to be "good citizens versus evil conspiracy," my friend.
My mistake, I saw May 8 as the phase 1 start date and made an honest mistake. You’re right that the WHO guidance was after the shutdown started.    You know when you claim the government is “moving the goal posts,” your intention is to bring doubt to the government’s decisions. You clearly have some bias with your comments my friend.
I can appreciate that mistake.  FYI, I don't have a horse in the game in regards to the local government's politics.  Ironically, in these politically charged times, trying to be unbiased sometimes makes one look biased.  (I.e, if you don't support and march with BLM, then you must be a bigot far-right wacko.)  Oh, and just to be clear, I'm not the person who initiated the "moving goal posts" comment.  I simply understand the perception.  And to be clear, I do feel that as more data and info are gathered about ANY situation, a reassessment may be in order.  So, IMO, the goal post was moved, yes - but for the right reasons.  Just my two cents.
Fair enough. That’s a pretty reasonable view to have.

WRAL Banner - Reported new daily cases of coronavirus -- 564 -- are lowest since May. The number of new coronavirus cases reported statewide Monday is lower than on any single day since May. Daily new cases have been on a downward trend since mid-July.
[Link to data](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/north-carolina-coronavirus-cases-maps-graphs-live-updates/19010016/)Edit: Apparently, yet again, another lab failed to report numbers. https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/another-lab-delay-leads-to-lower-than-expected-coronavirus-data/19239889/Spidey sense is tingling.
It looks like 8/17 had about half the tests reported as 8/16, but the positive count was less than half. So hopefully that means it will still be a decrease once they add the missing tests in. It probably won’t be as low as our May numbers, but a decrease is still progress.
I try to not focus on total cases vs total tests. I think a more relevant, consistent number is deaths. If deaths are increasing, while testing numbers are less, something is up.  However, if total deaths are consistent or decreasing while testing numbers change or remain constant, it would seem the virus is fizzling out. In NC, daily deaths are about double since the beginning but case counts are 4x as much. That tells me we weren't catching many cases at the beginning due to a lack of testing just like NY.  NY had huge numbers of deaths early on but little testing was being done. Yet if they could've tested, you'd probably have found we had over 25k new cases a day back in April in that one state.  On a country wide level, deaths are about 1/3 less than they were back in April.

NCSU identifies coronavirus cluster, cases in Greek life community :

Saw a house party of 40+ with no masks on Dixie Trl over the weekend. This is inevitable everywhere
A bunch of COVID cases in young people who have many 'social' gatherings?!   No way, who ever would have possibly thought such a thing would happen!   Young adults are known around the country as being the most well behaved and pandemic concious people out there! /s
Grand Opening... Grand Closing.
For real armed with the knowledge that theyre low risk and bored to tears they risk it.
No they aren’t.
Yeah, I mean I totally spends tens of thousands of dollars to go to college and party during a pandemic because I am 'bored'.  Sounds like a bunch of dumb children that shouldn't of been in college to begin with.   Duke plans on kicking out folks that are flagrantly violating their COVID rules (they are online only for most freshmen/sophmores anyways).
Not everyone has your clarity on the situation and what it takes financially to attend college.

NC daily new coronavirus cases -- 1,972 -- are highest in two weeks :: WRAL.com

If you haven't yet, go ahead and get tested!  I made an appointment at a local CVS online. Went to the drive thru, they walked me through the nose swab test and I just got my results back within 24 hours via the app you download.   I've been socially distancing and wearing a mask always unlike the dipshit that also commented on this thread, but even then, I was sweating bullets.
Total cases don't concern me.  The weekly death numbers are dropping.
I thought wearing masks was supposed to inhibit transmission.
Anecdotally, I've been hearing reports in the Triangle of CVS results taking upwards of five days and Walgreens being much quicker, in a matter of hours.
Deaths just lag behind case count though. I’m all for optimism on treatments getting better and there being room in hospitals - so we’re not in a bad spot relative to other states. That being said, when cases spike, deaths spike 10ish days after, and even if this round of infected don’t die, they could be the ones who infect the ones who do 5-10 transmissions down the line.  Every week of substantial spread is another week tacked onto this shit-down of everything. Just sucks.
Deaths in our state are pretty stable for the last month, which is the worst month we’ve had yet. They are not declining here.  Source, NYT: https://imgur.com/gallery/TJen02Z
It does, unfortunately people like you don't believe in masks and are acting like masks don't work.  This is the only reason masks are not working.
It does. Keeping kids home inhibits it even better
It does. Overall cases are coming down, hospitalizations are down, and percent positive test are coming down and CLI is way down.   Your response is like saying "hey it rained today, that means its going to rain every day forever".   It's a slow process, especially when so many people in the state refuse to wear masks, and you have 400 people parties at colleges.
My girlfriend and I took our tests at the same time. I got my results after 24 hours and she has yet to get hers. Weird🤷‍♂️ I know someone that recently got theirs back in 48 hours. Seems to vary
While it is true that Covid deaths can only come after Covid cases, total death is way down.  Total death numbers have been below the pre-covid Avg for 12 weeks and were 1/3rd the pre-covid avg last week.  &#x200B;  [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid\_weekly/index.htm#AgeAndSex](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm#AgeAndSex)
I know its going to be hard to accept this logic but with so few people dyeing per day in NC (30 per day) its going to be hard to see a rise or fall of any real size, day over day.  As you can see by the link I posted, in another reply, total death is down 60%.  I am saying that the people who would have died this month from old age were taken last last month by Covid.    "flatten the curve" was never about preventing the spread, it was about slowing the spread so that all of the victims were not impacted at the same time.  Before this is over, almost 100% of people are going to get Covid, not much you can do to stop it...
What makes you think I don't believe masks work to some extent?  What I have a problem with is the health officials think we can totally eradicate this and we aren't going to. All they are doing is dragging this out.  For the vast majority of people this isn't an issue.  For the people who are at risk it is, so let's help and support those people and let the 90% of the rest of the population go back to living.  We have come a long way treating this and unless you are in the 10% group that may have severe complications, you should get over it in a couple of weeks without complications.  If you are in the 10% group, stay home and limit any contact you have, whether they are masked or not masked.
I have a better idea.  Let's let the kids go outside and you stay home.
Yeah I don't think any of these stores had the infrastructure in place to handle widespread testing like this. I would hope that things would continue to improve as time goes on but that hasn't happened as of yet, which means it probably won't any time soon. Luckily most people I know who have been tested are able to be at home and isolate but I imagine this would be a lot more necessary for people with inflexible employers.
I took the wake county drive through test, got results next day. Wife took it the same day too, hasnt gotten a result back yet.  dont know what gives.
When you say “pre-COVID average” is that the average # of deaths before COVID 19 was a thing?   If I’m understanding that correctly, that seems kind of Irrelevant when talking about whether a spike in cases is something worth worrying about. Like... “shark and bear attacks are waaaayyyy down this year, so why concern yourself with the MURDER BEES that just flew into town!? if the total deaths are doing better, then the bees aren’t a problem”  Absurd example, but just want to make sure I’m understanding your point. Deaths certainly do look to be coming down in this “second spike” that were in right now.
The chart will always look like that because it is based on death certificate data and takes 4-6 weeks to have the complete data.  If total deaths are actually down 1/3 then we have had a miracle breakthrough with every cause of death, which is clearly not the case.  The latest date on that graph that is actually representative of the complete picture is ~7/18/20.  If you look at the COVID deaths and ignore everything after 7/18/20 it is rising.
You do not understand how any of this works.       Arguing with you is pointless.
If you're so much of a pussy that you can't handle a mask you can just say so. Nobody's impressed by your whining.   It's a pandemic with a body count in the hundreds of thousands in the US, and we maybe have 1-2% if the population exposed so far. There's really no reason to encourage the spread by sending kids to school, it's pretty obvious that it's going to cause a spike in infections.
Yes, Pre covid about 52K people (total) died each week in the US.    If you look at the chart for "total death" you will see that number before covid, you will see the number spike with covid, and then you will see that 12 weeks ago that number fell back below that number.  As of last week just under 17K people in the user total died.    My point is that a spike in cases does not mean a major spike in deaths.  2.7 million people died in the US last year.  We will not know the true impact of Covid deaths will be till we see the total for 2020.
I have been watching the site for 10 weeks.  The numbers are not revised after 4 to 6 weeks.
>If you look at the chart for "total death" you will see that number before covid, you will see the number spike with covid, and then you will see that 12 weeks ago that number fell back below that number.  You can't compare different times of the year, death rates are always higher in the winter months, primarily due to Influenza.  >As of last week just under 17K people in the user total died.  This is incomplete data since it is based on death certificates which take around 4-6 weeks to be fully reported.  For this same reason, you need to basically ignore the last 4-6 weeks when looking at either the COVID or total deaths on this chart.
Same chart from 6 weeks ago: https://i.imgur.com/qGYSqVZ.jpg  Not sure if you just don't understand the data or are intentionally trying to spread misinformation, I am hoping it is the former.
>This is incomplete data since it is based on death certificates which take around 4-6 weeks to be fully reported.  I disagree, I have been watching this site for the last 10 weeks, the data is being reported, and not changing 6 weeks later.  Nothing in the notes, on the site, says anything about delay in reporting death totals.
Same chart from 6 weeks ago: https://i.imgur.com/qGYSqVZ.jpg  Pretty obvious that there is a delay when you compare to the chart from today.  There is also an entire section at the bottom of the page that explains how the data is collected and why it is delayed.

Wolfpack sports on hold after 27 cases of coronavirus found within athletic programs :: WRALSportsFan.com

I am shocked. Utterly shocked.
Nobody could have seen this coming
This is it, this is the end!
NBA/NHL bubbles seem to be working, I don't know what other model is tenable.
shocker

Coronavirus NC: Customers spit, kick, and curse at Triangle restaurant employees when asked to put on a mask - ABC11 Raleigh-Durham

What the fuck is wrong with people...
When I flew from ALT to Amsterdam, they announced over the intercom that if you didn’t wear the mask, they’d have cops waiting for you at the Tarmac and you’d be charged under Dutch Law.   Heck, in Germany if they saw you walking in groups of more than 2 during the height of the pandemic, you got something like a €50 ticket.   Maybe they should start making examples out of all these people.   But that’s just my €0,02.
This is literally why we can't have nice things. If people would just take some modicum of personal responsibility this virus would have been much better contained and we could return to normal.   Granted folks are being egged on by really corrupt politicians / media sources, but it's the willingness of people to also be swayed by garbage.   I'm getting so done with our society, and I know it's only a \~35-40% idiotic minority but damn, thats way too many.
This is why social media sucks. You get dumbass Qanon conspiracy theories that cause people to question a very mundane task that all other countries alround the world already do.
The governor should be addressing this stuff on his updates.  If you do this you will be changed with making terrorist threats and will do 5 years in prison.  Zero tolerance.  Lets see how bold people are once there are one or two cases where the hammer is brought down.  You 100% have the the right to never wear a mask ever.  However, you cannot enter any establishment or visit a public area without wearing one.  Edit: by the way there a million other things just like.  You can't walk into a Waffle House with your dick out.  I don't care if you have a medical case where you have to have your dick out.  If you attack someone because you want to have your dick out you should be arrested.
Anything happen to Big Al's? they straight up put a sign on their door saying no masks required
These are the cowards that need guns to feel safe and would likely not have gone to war when their number was called.
Keep it classy, NC.
Police should be called and charges should be filed, no ifs, ands, or buts.  If a person hits (kicks) or spits on another person, they have committed assault, open and shut case.  Until people are being held accountable for their actions, they will continue this behavior.
Isn’t this terrorism?
Class acts, those people.
Just a lil’ slice of authentic ‘Merican culture.
Happens at hospitals and doctors clinics also. I’ve witnessed it and been the recipient at times. People suck.
When I flew from ATL to Amsterdam, they announced over the intercom that if you didn’t wear your mask throughout the entire flight, that they’d have cops waiting for you at the Tarmac and you’d be charged under Dutch Law.   Heck, in Germany if they saw you walking in groups of more than 2 during the height of the pandemic, you got something like a €50 ticket.   Maybe they should start making examples out of all these people.   But that’s just my €0,02.
So much for the tolerant right..oh wait that was never even conceptualized
Was in a thrift store the other day and I was on an aisle with 3 different people in a row with their masks pulled down under under their nose. Witnessed a man with a Trump 2020 mask pull it all the way down to sneeze into his arm. I walked out in rage while holding my breath.
Pretty dumb to get a misdemeanor (or more based on prior history) for putting a cloth over your nose and mouth.
Please tell me somebody went postal in these assholes. Because you don’t wanna mess with me on that. The clap back is real
Trumpers gonna be Trumpers.
To the electric chair with them
I've been to quite a few Triangle restaurants that cater to the bar crowd later at night.  Problem is one night you might be at Joe's Bar A and mask enforcement can be lax.  Then you go to places like in the video where they are actually following all the rules properly and people get bent out of shape.  Of the dozen or so I been to I've only seen 2 do things the right way.  Most fall in-between with staff wearing masks but if you walk around without one they aren't getting say anything.  Then there are a couple places where I shit you not practically no one has a mask on or even around their face.  The fact ALE agents are focusing on shutting down bars trying to sell six packs to stay afloat instead of giving citations, threatening to take away liquor licenses to the totally non compliant places is part of the reason the virus is sticking around.  The inconsistency of staff enforcing rules depending on establishment is why you'll still hear stories of customer freakouts.
May I ask what at what restaurant this occurred?  My policy is to leave a place where the unmasked wander, and make sure management knows why I am leaving.
Ahhh, southern hospitality at its finest. /s
A night in jail should take care of it.
Was in Trader Joe’s today and saw a woman completely without a mask, but with her 4 kids in tow. No masks on any of them and At least one definitely a teenager. She saw me looking at her - yes, I was - because I was trying to make sure I was staying far from her maskless fleet, and absolutely shouted at me - “I SEE YOU LOOKING. I HAVE A MED-I-CAL EX-EMP-TION.” (I have a feeling what that “medical exemption“ might be called; starts with Free, ends with Dumb) I didn’t engage (although my husband says my RBF counts as engaging) but she kept on - telling me to mind my own and she would mind hers. Which, is all I was trying to do by keeping an eye on where she was so I could keep “my own” from getting near her exhaled air and spittle as she shouted at all her kids(one of whom kept threatening to pee his pants).  She was clearly ready to try and create a scene and I actually went to Trader Joe’s because typically the people who shop there have more sense than say, those at the Teeter, whom at the corporate level seems to flaunt not requiring masks regardless of medical need or not. Plus, all stores provide hours for those with medical issues to shop separately. Buuuut also, I can’t help but think if you have such a medical issue that prevents you from wearing a piece of cloth over the bottom of your face for an hour or less, maybe you should be staying at home during a global pandemic and doing curbside pick up groceries or delivery? IMO, obviously...  I feel like this person was hoping to be videoed and put on social media as she kept appearing on every aisle I went to, and then glared at me from the checkout line as I walked by. I didn’t say anything to employees because they are having to deal with so much and I know in general, staff in stores are told not to push for mask compliance beyond the sign at the door for fear of their safety. Which says all you need to know about people’s priorities in this country in a pandemic. Somehow this became about politics here instead of public health. (I also know posting on Reddit does nothing but here we are.)  TL;DR People are crazy and selfish and Trump in charge during a pandemic makes them feel empowered to let it all hang out.
Was in Rudy's the other day for lunch and a few dudes came in at different times but it was obvious that they were regulars and they weren't wearing masks and I'm sure they never will. No one said anything to them but I'm sure it's hard to want to say anything to a regular especially right now.
Having to put on a mask just to walk to your table is kind of dumb, but not as dumb as assaulting the wait staff.
Stop the BS already - only Antifa, BLM, Marxist terrorists do that kind of crap
It’s easy to get caught up in this because ultimately it seems really insane for someone to spit, kick, curse at someone over a mask. But what you have to understand is that pandemic or not, these assholes would have made a scene and been arrested for assault regardless. All of these people popping up on video being this aggressive and violent aren’t aggressive and violent BECAUSE of the pandemic. They were already this way. It just looks more ridiculous now.
Bless their hearts but not their lungs
they got that trumpvirus making them insane
My cousin is a hostess. She says it's routine nowadays for people to be upset and rude about mandatory masks. Yelling, finger pointing, etc. People that are hungry, entitled, and lacking self-control tend to be nasty.   Spitting...that's another level. I would stand by as someone physically corrects them for spitting.
People are assholes.
> that all other countries alround the world already do.  That is the most significant thing with this whole coronavirus. All these fucking nutters seem to think this is only happening in the United States.
>dumbass Qanon conspiracy  AKA "trailer park Scientology"
Stop calling it Qanon, call it what it is, a GRU information warfare operation.
Exactly. You know, I listen to all of the Gov's updates - and I cannot believe that no reporter has asked about this yet. It is the law. It isn't optional.
But what if my dick is just way, way too big and sometimes falls out the leg of my shorts when I’m in the Waffle House?
I've only eaten there once, years ago. Their barbecue was bland, and just plain sucked. I had already decided not to ever go there again. This just validates my decision even more.  City Barbecue is much, MUCH better, IMHO.
Ohhhh bbq place.
Last time I went up that way, the parking spaces around them were packed. So I assume people are still eating there.
Big Ed’s?
It’s a protest zone there. The coronavirus knows it is not permitted to enter.
Keep it classy, Cackalacky
Yea, my friend works at a dentist office and she’s had multiple patients refuse to wear a mask in the waiting room.
Amsterdam: We are not playing with y'all motherfuckers today
GWB ran as a "compassionate conservative." We were more naive back then, obviously in retrospect that's a nonsense phrase.
Then you'd love the Walmart on Glenwood. The mask-under-chin army was out in full force this afternoon.
Were you literally shaking
Not to mention assault charges for striking or spitting on an individual...
Surprised they let her in. From my experience, that doesn't happen at the Cary store.
We are regulars there and have seen them tell anyone and everyone, including regulars, to put a fucking mask on when you stand up from the table. Walk to the bathroom? Put your fucking mask on. Waking from the table to go outside to smoke? Put your fucking mask on. The staff there don’t discriminate who they tell. Get outta here with that bullshit.
Having indoor dining at all is dumb.
No it’s not. You usually walk past a lot of people on your way to a table. What’s stupid is people acting ignorant knowing the rules. This is why  we can’t get off phase 2
Would you say, the pandemic is really just revealing people's true colors?
I agree with you. These are angry a-holes just looking for a fight. They would be fighting about something else if it weren’t for covid. We all know people like this unfortunately.
Pandemic aside, what kind of person spits on another?
And the award for Most Southern Response to COVID-19 Idiots go to...
This is the best thing I’ve read all week.
Holy shit dood.... I'm so sorry for what your cuz has to put up with. This whole arena needs a culture change.
Why does it matter? A portion of these far-right conspiracy theories started with Qanon in 2017 and most people reading my comment know what Qanon is.
Then you need to visit the clinic!!!💉or✂️!! 😩
Literally any bbq spot is better. It caters to idiots with an agenda.
I'm never going back there — they had up a probably racist sign about the NFL there long before the mask thing — but their food was *way* better than City BBQ, especially the sides.
I guess it depends on time of day, b/c everytime I go by, its sparse
[Big Al's](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/raleigh-bbq-joint-thumbs-its-nose-at-nc-s-coronavirus-rules/19156303/)
checking the tally,  1400 comments about protests  0 comments about preventable American deaths
USA: bUt MuH fReEdOm  Notice how they never question no shirt, no shoes, no service law
I was surprised too tbh, I have felt safe shopping there this whole time. But I guess she throws out the "medical exemption" line and gets to do whatever.
Um... ok so we had different experiences? And I was sympathizing that I get it would be hard but I'm glad to hear that they usually do say something. That was unnecessarily hostile. I love Rudy's and recommend the shit out of them and will go back.
Agreed. Last graphic I saw thought indoor dining/drinking could be responsible for as much as 30% of COVID cases.
I don't think it's the greatest idea. Go at your own risk.
Walking past someone is low risk for spread. Being in an indoor space for long periods of time is higher risk.
Florida isn't exactly a state NC should try to emulate.
I think it’s a self-obsession thing. Not only are these folks likely pre-disposed to violence, they also just believe that everything is about them. Can’t dine here without a mask? Fuck you, I’ll do what I want. Oh this is private property and you have the right to kick me out? Well you best believe I’m going to pitch a shit fit on the way. My three year old behaves better than these asshats.
The pandemic revealed a lot of things, one of them is people's entitlements and sense of superiority, plus the ignorance,, my gawd, the ignorance, I was aware of some of it, people not being able to point Iceland in a map, but this level of ignorance makes me wonder how did the US managed to become a superpower with the biggest economy in the world
The 2016 election had already done that.
That lies squarely on our overlord president Trump.
We see their true colors shining through...
Just a guess, but someone so moved to blinding rage that they can't recognize the humanity in other people.
A filthy self-centered ass-clown.
Spitting on someone is assault, and if you are being assaulted, you have a right to defend yourself. Do not forget that.
That's hilarious because I'm an imported northerner (but I've been here over 2 decades).
It matters because the obfuscation lends credence to it whether you intend it or not.
That's way I hoped it would be. We only go up that way maybe once every couple of weeks, to get groceries at the Lowes, usually just after work so usually around 5-6pm.
Hey you’re the guy who heard “homicide” and instantly assumed it meant black on black. This is awkward, I don’t come across many racists. What’s it like to be one?
These folks who belligerently refuse want ALL the rights of our democracy but none of the responsibilities. The founders were clear that our rights won’t last if we don’t exercise our responsibilities.  Like protecting neighbors. Treating others and their property with respect. The responsibilities that go with civil society.
Makes sense. It's one of the few places people are allowed to gather in-doors in large groups without masks. It's just asking to get infected, if you ask me.
[Starbucks Cafe’s Covid Outbreak Spared Employees Who Wore Masks](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-08-25/this-starbucks-in-south-korea-became-a-beacon-for-mask-wearing)  This was in South Korea. At last check 66 infections were linked to this one person sitting in the Starbucks for two hours. None of the masked employees were infected.
And the risk of your server.  It’s a dumb idea in general.
Why does it have to be about low risk or high risk?  Why not just wear the damn thing the whole time you are out in public?
Not if you are walking and talking and spreading droplets... Or whining loudly and forcing more moist air out of your lungs and spitting out faster droplets around them, because... You know, their freedom to not get sick can't possibly overshadow YOUR freedom to not be mildly inconvenienced, right?
I'm seeing more "viral videos" of people acting like absolute douche nozzles. I won't forget how this pulled back the curtain on their true nature. It makes me want to run away, but realistically I'm pretty dug-in here in Raleigh. I digress. I'm glad to hear your 3 year old is a mature young child with a great parent. Cheers to that!
In a different way, sure. You're probably right. But all I'm saying is, we're already waste deep in the tub of shit. No need to pour more on, and make things worse than they need to be.
I'd say when you start spitting on other people you don't recognize the humanity in yourself. I mean, I don't spit on animals either.  Edit: a word
Very well said. Sad, but you encapsulated it well with your words.
In my case, it was during an already insane period of my life where the  unrealistic nature of what the other person was saying and expecting just pushed me beyond words. It only happened twice, and that person is long out of my life so I've regained the ability to  think clearly.
Gonna start using "self-centered ass-clown". That's solid gold.
What is an appropriate response to it? Serious question, I don't know the answer.
Hail and well-met, my fellow Northern Transplant. Been down here for about 11 years.
I have to disagree but okay, you can say “GRU information warfare operation” as if the common person will even know what that is and I’ll continue using “Qanon,” a term people already know of.  Edit: I googled “GRU information warfare information” and the results were not even similar to QAnon conspiracy theories furthermore showing that no one will know what you’re talking about.
Are you still lying about me posting or editing the same comment? Nice! Your commitment to being wrong is inspiring. There are so many millions who will never be as good at anything as you are at being incorrect
It's pretty shocking at times, even Duke South has some of their dining facilities open indoors. Granted they do temperature checks and questionnaires at the door
Agreed. It also puts all the people at the supermarkets and other communal spaces that you go to afterwords at risk. It shouldn't be allowed.
He's right in as far as its an inconsistent rule. You're at much higher risk from catching covid from someone siting down eating their meal than someone walking past your table.   We like to pretend we follow the science but at the end of the day, it's pretty selective at times  Ideally we would require a mask entire time you are indoors(or even better do all the ordering outside) with only outdoor dining spaced apart.
It doesn't matter where you go.  They're all over the world.  I travel a lot, and they're around.
When they refuse to listen to logic, facts, and reason, what options are left?   I'm willing to bet 99% of those people who refuse to wear a mask are Trump supporters...
Fair enough
The way I'd been pushed all those years I wasn't functionally human then
A knuckle-fuck in the cock-sucker.
Redditors on a similar thread mentioned that any response needs to be proportional for it to be legal, so no curb-stomping someone. However, I anticipate that there would be differences between states courtesy of "stand your ground" and similar statutes, so a legal response could conceivably range from "you have a duty to retreat" to "you can do all you deem necessary to 'neutralize' the threat."  From a non-legal perspective, walking away seems to be the best response. You don't want to raise the risk of COVID exposure by engaging in a fist fight or remaining in close proximity to the spitter.
A bit harsh there for not all southerners are white trash village idiots
Okay, but GRU is what you should be googling. Think KGB old blood. Aka, Russia is pulling the QAnon strings.    I'm not personally saying QAnon is from Russia or not, I couldnt say definitively... but it's certainly a movement being pupettered.
Not quite and it's why the mask requirement to get to your table is in place. During your walk to your table you are passing other people (or likely to do so) at a distance of less than 6ft.   Once you sit and take off your mask, as long as the tables are 6ft apart, the biggest risk is getting servers sick.   However I firmly believe it should be outdoor dining or curbside only.   But that's only a dent in things if people are going to stores and not wearing masks or wearing them properly.
I agree 100%.. In my phrase "makes me want to run away" I was fantasizing about living in a cabin in the remote woods, Ted Kaczynski style.
So, so, so what you're saying is a five finger to the dick holster?
I love this word, 'proportional'.  Kenny Rogers' song-The Gambler-"know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em", is a good life skill, and applicable to many scenarios.    My 20-year-old grandson is a server.  He has the stories.  He is 6.4 and physically fit, so no one is messing with him.  Other servers rely on him to keep the peace or just be a 'presence'.
Sweet of you to notice. This thread is funny. Cheers!
Oh of course not. I’ve had the privilege of meeting so many Southerners that are incredibly smart and are acting wise right now. My reply to this comment was directed at any idiots that are doing stuff like this anywhere in the world. I’ve felt more at home here in the South than I ever did up North. I love my Carolinas.
Maaaybe not the best example lol (or maybe the best...)
Ah.  As long as there's a decent sized lake to fish in, I'd want that too.
Tee hee!

Four at RNC in Charlotte test positive for coronavirus

While I agree that this is an interesting thing to talk about, I don't know why it's on /r/raleigh .   Is this a sub so people from Raleigh can talk about whatever, or is it a sub for discussion about things related to Raleigh?
Someone should have warned them there was a highly contagious deadly virus going around.
Are they from Raleigh?
People have started using local subs like it's freakin Facebook or something.
Covid-19 effects Raleigh and I'm sure most of the NC General Assembly was at the convention.
Wasn’t Trump originally trying to hold this in Raleigh and Raleigh basically gave Trump two middle fingers?
> Covid-19 effects Raleigh  it's also raining in washington, it rains in raleigh too......
I think you're referring to Raleigh's decision a few years ago not to bid on the convention.  I don't think it would have mattered -- we don't have the means to support that.  In particular, our airport is not sufficiently connected and we don't have enough downtown hotel space.
I dunno. I haven't seen any rain today. So it sounds like you're lying.

