Children at YMCA, City of Raleigh camps possibly exposed to COVID-19 *shocked pikachu face*

Removed: rule 3

All 4th-graders at Thales Academy’s Wake Forest site to be quarantined due to COVID-19

No way. Can't believe it. Unfathomable.
There’s been a case of covid each week since Thales reopened. It’ll hit the other campuses too before the end of August. So tired of hearing how kids can’t spread it or get it.  I also bet they aren’t following social distancing rules either. They’re kids and they’re going to want to be social.
Research shows Covid is contagious before you show symptoms. Temperature checks and disinfectant are insufficient without mandatory masking and social distancing.  Schools should be closed. Kids won't consistently mask or social distance without constant reminders and management.  I've already read so many articles like this from schools around the country. I'm already sick of all of them, but they have to be posted until the narrative about kids being safe from Covid stop.   NCDHHS posts a report every Tuesday and Friday afternoon about ongoing outbreaks and clusters in daycares and schools. Today's report had the first death of a child care staff member on it.
But but kids don’t transmit....
Listen, our private schools need to make money; if that requires killing the children, then that's what it takes. It's the patriotic Christian thing to do, killing the children to make money. Praise the lord and God Bless America.
I think there’s two issues here - is the rhetoric around “children can’t be spreaders” a misleading statement?  Yes that’s completely false.  Children can and will spread it, maybe differently, but that’s somewhat semantics.   But this is a private school. These families made a decision, perhaps based on the risk profile of those in their household, that they want to send their child to in person instruction. The FREE option is virtual public school.  They turned that down in favor of giving this a try.  Hopefully they did not have the wool pulled over their eyes thinking there would be zero bumps in the road.    An asymptomatic case surfaced and it seems the school took measures to contain the spread.  Let’s see how these 14 days play out...chances are good that the student will recover.  The story says the student got Covid from a family member,  so homeschool or not, that kid was probably getting sick regardless.  The thing to look at is how many contracted from that student, how far did it extend from there.  Yes school was mildly disrupted by 4th grade kids staying home in the abundance of caution, but how much did school facilitate the spread.  There could be a tipping point where spread and disruption are so bad that they scrap the whole thing and go virtual.  But it sounds like they aren’t there yet after < 1 mo, 1 case.   Situations like indiana where parents knowingly sent a child to school pending a test result is uncalled for and eroded trust.  I think that’s a little different than this.
Yeah, it's really shocking. No one could've seen this coming!
I agree, it's going to be impossible for them to social distance and keep their masks on.
Daycares haven’t had this issue though. We may want to figure out why.
Disagree, send the kids to school unless the kid or an immediate family member has a medical condition. This virus isn’t going away, we just have to adapt and move on. I am a parent of 2 - k5 kids.   Half of the k5 parents I know are sending their kids to a “day care” every day because they have to work. Why the hell are we doing this? They should be in school. Hospitals aren’t overrun, we have medical supplies - my wife is nurse.
They actually stop this virus instead of spreading it like the other ones!
God needs his Angels!   God is Great!
That's a bit hyperbolic.  The incidence of death from covid among 4th graders is tiny.  They are significantly more likely to die from other diseases that they bring home from school (e.g. the Flu) than from Covid.  The reason you quarantine ISN'T to protect the students -- it's to protect the grandparents living in their homes, teachers and other people who catch the disease downstream of a student.
But Queen DeVos said kids are "stoppers" of the virus! The Cheeto in Chief also co-signed that statement. I just can't believe this happened...
And they only have to follow what the NCDHHS says: 11 and older have to wear a mask, otherwise it’s “encouraged”. 🤦‍♂️
While the numbers of infections from daycaree centers looks to be pretty low there is no doubt it is spreading in them. The fact that we dont have decent contact tracing and dont have much data testing kids means we do not really know how much can be traced back to day care centers.   https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/06/health/texas-coronavirus-cases-child-care-facilities/index.html
There have been multiple daycares in Charlotte that have shut down for 14 day quarantine period, my kid's daycare being one of them. Once they get a confirmed case they have to assess who is a close contact of the person that has COVID. Depending on how the school is structured, a teacher may be helping in different classes and then cause the entire place to be shut down.
I truly hope neither one of your children get sick. Reopening schools will undoubtedly result in children dying. Positive vibes you don't have to explain to one of your children what happened to their sibling.
If your house is burning down, you can technically argue that your house is not burned down.  You can even light it on fire and say "I did not burn down my house".  After the house is burnt down you can accurately say "I am not burning down my house."    You are playing word games here. It's a form of deception, a type of lie.    >The incidence of death from covid among 4th graders is tiny.  You are literally arguing that it is OK to expose children to this disease en masse because you don't think that very many of them will die from it.  Sick. You are arguing that it's OK to NOT protect their parents and grandparents from transmission, and you are implying that it's OK for kids to work as superspreaders.  150K+ dead already. You're probably OK with that too.
He (trump) is on fox news this morning still repeating that kids are virtully immune.
Oh wow, I didn't even realize that. ounties could still mandate it for all children at least, right?   Either way, it'll be impossible to keep these kids from spreading germs, staying apart,  picking their noses, and touching everything including the staff. It's a disaster waiting to happen, but it'll only be worse and faster if the younger kids don't have to at least attempt to keep a mask on.
the under 11 thing doesn't apply for school settings.  The rules for kids in school are everyone K through 12 wears a mask all day (red shaded box on page 5):  https://files.nc.gov/covid/documents/guidance/Strong-Schools-NC-Public-Health-Toolkit.pdf  Linked from NCDHHS (top of page 3, item B) https://files.nc.gov/covid/documents/guidance/NCDHHS-Interim-Guidance-on-Face-Coverings.pdf
Daycare class structure is maybe a better way to do this though. 30 kids in a single classroom that don’t really interact with other kids unless they go outside. It’s not perfect but cutting down on hundreds of people interacting might help make school possible. My daycare also controls interaction, takes daily temps of everyone, and has very strict cleaning protocols. It seems to be working, they’ve had no instances of sick kids or adults.
Kids die from pneumonia and the flu too. The death rate for kids and COVID is almost negligible.  More kids die per year in car accidents then what we will see with COVID. Not worth hiding inside for several years in my opinion. Like I said, if we had medical issues then I would have a different opinion.
I'm arguing no such thing.   We expose kids to risks ALL the time where we know a fraction will die. We don't shut down schools during flu season, even though a kid is more likely to die from flu than from Covid. More HS football players died last year from football-related injuries than will die this year from Covid.  Do we stop playing football?  No.  And don't get me started on bicycles.  Instead, we balance risk and benefit.  We still have school during flu season, even though some kids will die from flu, because the benefit to education outweighs that harm.    As I said, and you acknowledge, schools are shut down to protect other people, not to protect the kids.    So, yeah, your original "killing the children" comment was hyperbolic.
That’s only for public schools. Unfortunately private doesn’t have to follow that either.  Edit: Shoot, sorry. I think I misunderstood what you’re saying here...? That private schools would now be required to wear masks k-12?
Good luck explaining that to a kid when their sibling is gone. Well wishes for you and yours, bud.
You are comparing COVID to the flu. They are not the same or similar. You are counting 5 months of disease against an average of injuries going over years. You are making comparisons that are not apt. Again, this is disingenuous and your points are designed to attempt to downplay the seriousness of the disease and somehow justify going about business as normal. And when you are LITERALLY potentially exchanging your childs life for the short term profit of an institution, that is a literal action, not mere hyperbole. Please grab a dictionary before you use that word again. You would be much more effective if you were to just say you don't give a crap who dies because you're tired of the pandemic or some crap. You are the guy who jumps off the boat in the middle of the ocean and drowns because you think it's taking too long and you want to get to land, it's a form of mental breakdown.
I don’t think that it’s binding for private schools, I was just pointing out that current guidelines for public school in N.C. is that everyone wears a mask.
First, you're being hyperbolic again (and, yes, I used the word correctly.  Here's a link:. https://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/hyperbolic )  Second, you're trotting out the wrong argument to my flu comparison.  First of all, Covid is far deadlier than the flu.  Flu kills maybe 50k/yr, about 1/3rd of what Covid has killed in just 6 months.  But, those deaths are almost all adults.  For kids, covid is not nearly as dangerous as many other things kids do.  Covid is less risky to kids than swimming or riding in a car, for example.    That does not mean that we should ignore kids getting covid.  Why?  Because they spread.it to other people, and those other people are at far higher risk.  Nowhere am I suggesting doing "business as normal.". My kids are in public school which (rightly imo) is going to be "online," at least for the time being.  All I am saying is that you are greatly exaggerating the risk *to children* from covid.
Here's a great article you could read: https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/state/north-carolina/article244719847.html
I did read that -- it's the article that this thread is about.   But, I don't see the part where it talks about how Covid poses a major risk of death to children.  Oh, that's because it's not true.  But, when I say that that Covid is not a major risk to children, I think you expect me to go on with the "therefore, we can open all the schools" argument.  And you're reacting to that continuation. But, that continuation is faulty since it ignores the real reason we closed schools to begin with: the risk to adults.  And with that I'm done.  Have the last word if you want.

Students at school touted by Pence for reopening must quarantine due to COVID-19

Title is a bit misleading. Thales Academy is a chain of 8 for profit schools. The school Pence visited was in Apex, the one quarantined is in WF.  Interesting nonetheless, after Thales being held up as an example of how everything is okie doke with these schools, well you know,..... maybe not so much.
I don't get how people think things are better than when the virus first came to america..  More people have the virus now than they did in march and there is still no vaccine....
I do think most people, whether you're in a day care, or a private school, or a public school that is doing Plan B, or probably even a pandemic pod situation, are expecting to have to shut down and do a 2 week quarantine or two over the course of the next year. Maybe Thales self-selects for more head in the sand type parents though?
My kids daycare just got done with a 2 week quarantine. The kids had been back for about 2 months before an issue popped up.
The fairly large center day care (14 rooms) that my kids attended in pre-COVID days never closed and has had 0 cases, so at least it _can_ be done. Granted enrollment was very limited from March to May but I've heard it's back to about 80% its previously levels. They're offering day care for Kindergartners and that's where most of my daughter's friends are going this upcoming year.
Yep - I'm not concerned about them going, but obviously frustrating when they have to close down. Are you sending yours back? You worded it in a way that sounds like no.
> has had 0 cases  They’ve had 0 confirmed cases. It’s statistically very unlikely that they’ve had 0 cases at all. It’s definitely good that they haven’t had any known spread though.
it's not because theyre doing something right that is preventing them from getting the virus.  It's because everyone else is social distancing and slowing the spread meaning its taking longer for the virus to get to them.  Theyre being douchebags that are putting everyone else is danger for their own gain.
My daughter's going to a very small private school where she did some summer camp (total enrollment of 27 kids across two classrooms). It's cheaper than the day care, smaller, and they're going to teach her instead of just supervising her remote learning. We sort of lucked into discovering the place as they're in our neighborhood and happened to be doing small enrollment camps, otherwise we'd be likely sending her back to the day care.
All of the people I know of whose children have returned to the daycare are people who have two working parents unable to work at home. They're not really being douchebags, they just need to keep their jobs and have someone watch their kids.
That's awesome - our normal daycare reopened just after Memorial Day so we've been back since then, save the two week quarantine.
so only people with kids are special snowflakes?
Nice! Glad to see things going alright. I have nothing but sympathy for other working parents, especially the ones who can't afford a day care or private school. I feel like we've completely abandoned them and I hope our local governments and private organizations keep coming with creative solutions like Wake County's Learning Centers and the DPS Foundation's HOPE Network.
In the sense that only people with kids need child care, yep we sure are. Have a good night.

Buncombe to set 9 p.m. booze curfew as COVID-19 'enhanced mitigation strategy'

So liquor, but not wine or beer? Am I understanding this right?  I am a non-drinker so I don't have a dog in this fight, but I do feel for the bars on this. It seems that every single restaurant that can has just turned into a bar.
ASHEVILLE - Buncombe County likely will establish a 9 p.m. curfew on liquor sales at restaurants as an "enhanced mitigation strategy" designed to address "trouble spots" in the local spread of COVID-19.  The prohibition comes on the heels of an executive order from Gov. Roy Cooper that went into effect July 31, halting restaurants' sale of alcohol statewide after 11 p.m. It did not affect retail liquor sales.  Buncombe emergency preparedness director Fletcher Tove told county commissioners Aug. 4 that health officials are **still seeing patrons congregate closely at "restaurants, which are fundamentally bars, but because they produce food, they're operating under restaurant guidance."**  "We have several places around the county where we're getting reports and we've observed that, late at night, it looks like they're not complying with their capacity limitations, nobody's wearing masks, people are packed in, so we're trying to focus down on some trouble spots there," Tove said.  Other areas of concern for health officials have been gyms and downtown Asheville, where people have not been wearing face coverings outside, on the sidewalk, despite being close to many people.  #### Local measure depends on Cooper decision  Cooper has yet to announce whether he once again will extend Phase 2, which is currently set to expire at 5 p.m. Friday. If he does, it will be the third time the phase, which the state began May 22, has been prolonged.  "We don't have any indication yet from the state which direction we'll go, but looking at the same data the state's looking at, we can imagine an extension of that pause or staying somewhere in Phase 2," said Tove.  Unless Cooper opts to move into Phase 3, Buncombe intends to remain aligned with North Carolina in its coronavirus response in all but restaurant liquor sales. **Health staff recommended the 9 p.m. curfew to "focus specifically on those trouble stores which are fundamentally operating as bars while bars are closed,"** Tove said.  "We think it's reasonably a late enough hour that people can still go out to dinner and have their drinks, but it's going to kind of remove incentive for that kind of socializing," said Tove. "We're seeing people just kind of loiter at these sites. ...  "If it was last summer, it'd be a different issue, but this year, it's not acceptable for people to be loitering in those close quarters for hours at a time without masks, without social distancing."  Commissioners did not formally vote on the measure, but, when county staff asked for guidance, Chairman Brownie Newman summarized a preference to follow the state's lead in all but the further limitation on liquor sales unless Cooper announces a plan to move into Phase 3.  "Restaurants can still stay open," Newman said. "If you are getting a late dinner and things like that, that's fine. Basically, we just don't want the restaurants turning into bars later in the evening.  "And since we do have a lot of tourists here, not like every other town in the state, there are a lot more people who are coming here to go out and get some delicious beverages that are manufactured in our county. I think there is good reason why this could be a more significant concern here than in your typical town around the state."  Newman said later he will sign an updated local order later this week. It likely would go into effect at 5 p.m. Aug. 7 alongside a new executive order from Cooper.
That’s exactly what’s happening. 15% of “bars” are required to be closed so the governor has a talking point while the **other 85% of permit holders are allowed to operate ostensibly as bars**. All I want is for all businesses to be treated equally. My friends have lost everything while the “restaurant” down the street serves cocktails all night with impunity (and almost no food sales). The greater irony is the private clubs actually have the legal authority to control who can be a customer thus making them better equipped to enforce safety standards.

North Carolina joins initiative to fast track COVID-19 testing


North Caroline reports first death tied to child care COVID-19 cluster.

Stagnated wages and raised cost of living over time basically require both parents to work, so we have to push our kids into daycares and schools just to be sure to go to work to make ends meet.   If only one parent was required to work to pay the bills in America, how much easier would squashing the spread of covid be?
I moved out of this area a few months ago.  At the time many folks were ranting about the 'hoax' and hassling anyone (like me) who wore a mask out in public.
I work in this town, more people come into where I work without a mask on than people that are wearing them. There is also a large minority community here that COVID is running through.
Here I was being told children were "virtually immune".
I've been saying this all along; people who work *essential* jobs are the ones getting sick from all of this. That 11pm booze curfew and other "hygiene theater" rules does nothing for these folks. The state needs to make sure these folks are getting enough PPE, among other things
Are NC daycares required to inform parents of confirmed cases? If so, do they only have to tell the families in direct contact with the kid/teacher that tested positive or do they have to tell the entire school? Does anyone know?
Can we please for fucks sake go back to shelter in place?!? This phase 2 bullshit clearly isn't working!
The NC Hunger Games have begun.  We have lost our first tribute.
Aaaaand this is why my partner and I are absolutely scrambling to try to figure out how one of us can stay home with the kiddo I'm currently baking once their outside time comes.
Less than 50 kids in entire US have died of COVID. Three times that number have died of flu this year. We need to protect the vulnerable, care for the sick, and use common sense preventive measures. Beyond that we should be living normally.
Research shows that adults pass it to kids.   Kids do not pass it to adults.   https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2020/07/200710100934.htm
This a is right wing, kkk, poverty ridden county. Nothing will save them from their own determination to stay the course of righteous ignorance.
That would make America great again.
Can I add our own desire to want more than we need to this list? Is that fair to say for more than a few people in our country? I know plenty of people (myself included, no pride here) that could have a good life without the nicest house, cars, phone, wardrobe, etc. But in order to feed that want, we choose to live paycheck to paycheck. I am doing lots of self examination these days in regards to this.
If people prioritize living on one income over having new cars and giant houses, we could definitely go back to 1960 style division of labor and childcare responsibility. I don't think many people actually want that though.
It is absolutely possible to have a family on one income. Thousands of people do it everyday including my family.
>require both parents to work  Wouldn't want people to require themselves to wait to have kids until they can afford them.  Yall aren't taking any responsibility for a situation you knowingly created.
Well if you wanna lower the cost of living, there's a few things to take down or out.    1stly, taxes need to be lowered. 2ndly, the American dollar value needs to be raised. 3rdly, land values need to drastically decrease. 4thly, food costs need to drastically decrease. 5thly, utilitie costs need to be decrease.  This is a very short and not complete list.  A lot of stuff we can't control as one nation, as prices raise with competition from other nations and their markets.  Add scarcity into the mixture and it's even worse.  Also, with a decrease in living costs comes a decrease in comfort and quality of life.
I don't understand this.  If you want to rant about not wearing a mask because of your "personal freedom", why would you attack someone else who is using their own personal freedom to wear one?
Yeah, I'm not surprised by that at all. Eastern NC mentality in a nutshell.
I don't like wearing masks or the god complex among 80 percent of the people wearing them, but yet I wear one. I don't see how people can get so vile over something so simple.
~~Who was saying that children were virtually immune?~~ I have always heard that children were less likely to be compromised by the virus, but not necessarily immune. This was a staff member that died from the spread. To be fair, we do not know the source of the outbreak here. The virus could have been brought into the facility by another staff member for all we know. Did the deceased have other underlying conditions? Could they have been considered high-risk? Should they have been working there in the first place? I am not trying to make excuses or be dismissive here, but it is easy to make a lot of assumptions solely on the way this post is titled.          Edit: Of course our president said that. Smh.
I don't know how anybody who has children in their lives could possibly swallow that obvious lie. Little germ factories are KNOWN for spreading illnesses. You have to *want* that to be true to believe it. Too bad reality doesn't care about what we wish the world was like. Ugh.
From the 2nd sentence of the article-  "NBC Charlotte reports the state said a staff member at a child care facility called Grace Filled Beginnings in Plymouth, located in Washington County, has died."
Children have a better chance of not progressing into severe stages of the disease or having lasting morbities post infection. Doesn't mean they can't catch it and have some sort of illness and/or spread it to others who may fair worse off.
Because they are unless you're talking in the actual biological definition. Children without severe pre-existing health problems pretty much never show more than *maybe* a very low fever. They don't suffer from the virus' acute symptoms.  They do, however, spread it while their body is busy beating the ever-living shit out of the virus.  EDIT: Why the downvotes? This is the consensus among epidemiologists right now, IIRC.
Under 18 is a 1 in a million chance of dying. I’d consider that “virtually immune”
I've been working an "essential job" that I was able to do remotely but they brought us back in to "get back to normal", 95% of the people there wear masks under their noses, on their chin or not at all.  Companies will always try to do the bare minimum to keep costs down, they will call their workers heroes and give empty platitudes about how much they're doing to keep them safe when in reality they don't give a shit.
Oh they're not. I work at a daycare. Workers aren't even wearing masks most of the time because they're uncomfortable. Once COVID hits a daycare, you're done. EVERYONE will get it.
it reduces the exposure a lot of essential workers have to groups of people breathing and talking loudly in close proximity to each other
Daycares were open during the first "shelter in place," so I don't see how that would stop it now. Besides, if another order like that were to come then the cases would just start going up again after the order was lifted.  Shutdowns and shelter in place orders don't stop a virus, they only slow its spread and draw it out longer. It'll eventually have to just run its course, whatever that may be.
You clearly didn't read this.  This isn't scientific research, it's a commentary from two doctors stating, not that kids do not pass it to adults, but that kids less frequently spread it to others.  This is not based in an understanding of any biological mechanism that differs in children. This is based on sampling from infected children stating they more often were transmitted the disease from adults and not other children.  It's a corollary assumption used to back the idea of re-opening schools in a safe manner utilizing social distancing (which itself is difficult in crowded hallways). This doesn't state an outbreak can't occur in schools and is mostly saying that, as of right now, adults are the driving force of the pandemic.  It could definitely get much worse as schools re-open, and we could definitely see more deaths to children, whom since March have mostly been at home.
That report does not say "kids do not pass it to adults."  It cites directly in the text, "In a French study, a boy with Covid-19 exposed over 80 classmates at three schools to the disease."  Also, the Commentary's (not 'study' - it's an opinion piece) recommendation is that schools are safe to reopen ONLY if community spread rates are low and safeguards are followed, which doesn't seem to be the case in Washington County.
Here's some light reading for you. Children are just as or even more infectious than adults. I've included some summaries if you decide it's too much data to digest.  [https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952)  "Our analyses suggest children younger than 5 years with mild to moderate COVID-19 have high amounts of SARS-CoV-2 viral RNA in their nasopharynx compared with older children and adults. Our study is limited to detection of viral nucleic acid, rather than infectious virus, although SARS-CoV-2 pediatric studies reported a correlation between higher nucleic acid levels and the ability to culture infectious virus.[5](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952#pld200036r5) Thus, young children can potentially be important drivers of SARS-CoV-2 spread in the general population, as has been demonstrated with respiratory syncytial virus, where children with high viral loads are more likely to transmit.[6](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952#pld200036r6) Behavioral habits of young children and close quarters in school and day care settings raise concern for SARS-CoV-2 amplification in this population as public health restrictions are eased. In addition to public health implications, this population will be important for targeting immunization efforts as SARS-CoV-2 vaccines become available."  [https://www.luriechildrens.org/en/news-stories/young-kids-could-spread-covid-19-as-much-as-older-children-and-adults/](https://www.luriechildrens.org/en/news-stories/young-kids-could-spread-covid-19-as-much-as-older-children-and-adults/)  “We found that children under 5 with COVID-19 have a higher viral load than older children and adults, which may suggest greater transmission, as we see with respiratory syncytial virus, also known as RSV,” says lead author Taylor Heald-Sargent, MD, PhD.  Edits: Grammar and structure.
America was never great for all Americans. But it would put us back on the path to becoming better than we have been.
Honestly, that was my motivation for going to college.  Like sure, I'd like to change the world, but for myself I wanted to work 40-hour weeks to support myself and my very cheap hobbies. Rather than having to work 60-hour weeks just to *live*.
There’s a lot of truth in this. BUT, at what point are we “allowed” to have nice things? We work really, really hard so that others can have nice things. Somewhere along the way something has to give or we have to admit that we’re living in the American take on servitude.
Yep. Median household income is $64,000 and poverty is 11%. Yet 80% of Americans say they live paycheck to paycheck, and 70% of Americans have less than $1000 in any kind of savings.   America has a consumer problem. We all want the newest cars, the newest phones, the nice house, and everything else. Yes, there are people who struggle and there is a significant amount of poverty, but when **8/10 Americans** are saying they live paycheck to paycheck, that demonstratively proves that our problems go beyond our means to provide.
We would need to take a really hard look at the change in executive salaries vs regular employees between those time periods.
I don’t think that is actually as much of a reality for many people currently. Some, sure. Most? Definitely not.
That is an absolutely gross misrepresentation of our current situation.
The problem is, there are hundreds of millions of Americans.....great for your thousands but the rest of us are SOL I guess.
Why immediately jump on the "cut expenses" portion without acknowledging that the actual issue is income not keeping pace with inflation, the driving factor behind the expenses going up?  If wages went up in line with inflation, then things today wouldn't be any worse than in the past, but that isn't the case and is what is causing the problem.
Because it’s not about personal freedom, their cult leader told them masks bad so they see people wearing a mask as an attack on dear leader.
I asked this of one guy who literally was blocking me from leaving the grocery checkout line.  He just started name-calling at that point and got tossed by security.  I try to empathise that it's just fear driving these actions?  But as the virus is hitting home for my former neighbors, they're just falling silent.  I long for, "We were wrong, let's do better from now on."
Someone on /r/politics made an excellent point earlier this week that anti-maskers see wearing as mask as a sign of weakness. Kindness = weakness. Compassion = weakness. Empathy = weakness.   To them Trump is the personification of strength and manliness and they cannot appear weak to Dear Leader or other followers.
because they are all literally the stupidest people and will fuck this world over before actually using their brains. same reason they all want guns to defend against tyranny, but when feds kidnap people off the streets they're silent. they have no moral compass other than fuck the libs.  &#x200B;  edit: i also don't blame them for being so stupid. there's propaganda getting thrown at them 24/7 on tv and facebook and they aren't equipped to process any of it because the people in charge have been slashing education budgets and social programs to fill their own pockets. it's all fucked.
You can't fix stupid, as a great American said.
Many of my former neighbors are wonderful people who just have the craziest ideas that are against their own best interest.  I'd love to know the fix.
I love that the majority of what this sub does is rip on North Carolina and its "mentality". /s  Go back to where you came from if you don't like it here.   The cultural snobbery absolutely reeks.
Betsy DeVos said "children are stoppers of the virus". You weren't wrong before your edit.
Trump said this verbatim in a fox and friends interview
We live in a society where you can pick your truth. So why not pick the one you want to be true the most? Up until this point they really haven't faced many consequences from ignoring reality.
We don't yet know the long term affects in children or adults. So saying that they have a better chance at not having post infection issues is wrong.
> immune  You're getting downvoted because you seem to be playing semantics with the word immune. It has long been observed that kids are less likely to show symptoms and less likely to die of COVID, but this is not immunity as most people would call it.  It's also hard to tell if you're in the DeVos camp:  > “More and more studies show that kids are actually stoppers of the disease and they don’t get it and transmit it themselves, so we should be in a posture of — the default should be getting back to school kids in person, in the classroom.” — Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, in an interview on “The Conservative Circus” (iHeart radio), July 16
This is not what “immune” means.  Just because you’re at a low risk of death doesn’t mean you can’t become ill and spread the disease to others at a higher risk of death.  Plus there are many reports showing those who have recovered from the virus still have long term lung damage.  One of the many concerns you don’t see people worrying about yet.
Do you or your family members get vaccinated for the Flu? I mean if you can do that and take the Flu seriously (which killed only 4800 Americans last year) then certainly you can take something that's killed over 150,000 Americans seriously.
I'll just reply by saying that SOME are. I assumed the same as you about a single case at our daycare resulting in a complete shutdown.   Instead, they have implemented all the recommended precautions, including "bubbling" each classroom. When a teacher inevitably came down with Covid, they quarantined that class at home. Only one child tested positive and the center continued to operate, without any further cases.   It can be done, but as you say, the right support needs to be there.
My kids daycare had a confirmed case in a staff member and shut down for two weeks. No one else was reported to get it, all of my family got tested and were fine.
I'm sorry but I'm not okay with flinging open the gates and saying whoever dies just dies. That's inhumane and yes we may need to sit on our asses for a while like everybody else in this world did until the virus is contained and that's the price I'm willing to pay. I find it much more logical and much more humane to put our shit on hold rather than idk send our children to schools or get our hair cut to supplement our vanity, wallets, and more than anything our Graves. This head in the sand concept of "we just need to ride it out" is extremely selfish and comes from a place I don't ever wish to understand! Your willing to put your loved ones lives at risk for what? So that we can all pretend things are the same when they aren't? People that think like you need to take a step back and take a long look in the mirror because I would honestly hate to be in your shoes when I'm on my deathbed thinking of all the lives my selfishness caused. Honestly sit down and read some facts that aren't biased and look past your borders. Look for truth that comes from evidence not from a selfish point of view that only cares for yourself.
If you read the article, while yes, it is about a medical commentary, the commentary was about actual studies done in Switzerland, France, China, and New South Wales. Most of the children in those studies were shown to have gotten the virus from adults or from each other. There was little evidence seen in the studies that adults we're getting it from children.
I read about that. All it concludes is a _possibility_ of young children being as infectious as adults. What they found was genetic material, which may or may not be full viruses, and if those that are, may or may not be infectious.  The bottom line is that more research into this is needed before coming to a certain conclusion about whether or not children transmit it to adults as frequently or easily as adults transmit it to each other. Real-world evidence so far shows children are not the main vectors of infection to adults, though that could change.
Over 30% of Americans have medical debt. 70% of college graduates have student loans when they graduate, with an average amount of almost $40,000. That’s a significant amount to be saddled with when starting a career. I’m not saying excess consumerism doesn’t play a role in people living paycheck to paycheck, but it’s far from the main factor. College and medical costs have far outpaced wage increases for the last few decades.
 [https://www.epi.org/publication/ceo-compensation-2018/](https://www.epi.org/publication/ceo-compensation-2018/)   Here's a good look at how things have changed since the 70's between the CEO's and the wage worker.
Executive compensation is pretty ridiculous, no argument there. I would love if there were some sort of legislated profit-sharing model that rewarded the business and employees without impacting American competitiveness in the global market.  That being said, I don't think that's the biggest thing preventing people from living on one income. Mostly it's lifestyle choices.  If you are okay not living in the hottest zip code and you can tolerate a non-granite countertop and a 10-year-old car, you can absolutely live on one income in this country. No doubt about it. Just ask any immigrant family from the past, say, 200 years.
Howso? Here's a 1960s home in easy commuting distance from DT Raleigh for $155k: https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3909-Cobb-St-Garner-NC-27529/6407687_zpid/  $700/mo mortgage. You're saying a family can't live here on one median income of $35k?
Thank you. It has been the best choice we have made so far. Every day I'm seeing things and hearing stories that remind me why we took the more traditional route.  If that is what works for your family then that's all we can do. I can only help those that are commited to make it happen for their family.
I agree somewhat, but obviously you can't just label all anti mask people and Trump supporters that.  Some mask people simple don't give a flying fuck (big problem).  Funny enough that some of the anti mask people I know are registered democrats, too.  Anyways, it's more than just showing weakness, some simply don't believe the mask does them any better than not, and for certain scenarios they're right but mostly they're wrong.  It's so many problems, I'd say possibly originating from a whole lot of cultural and political dissonance that is ever growing in this nation, which might also help explain why Europe was able to tell people put on masks and then the citizens actually did it (not to say that those nations have no dissonance but right now Europe seems a whole lot more together).
A respirator and 3-9 weeks in hospital seems to make a lot of them regret their actions as I've seen in some reports.
Ha, joke's on you sport, I'm from Eastern NC.  Edit: As a counterpoint, if you don't like this sub how about you take your own advice and go elsewhere.
I'm born and raised in Eastern NC and I think a good number of y'all can be real assholes real frequently
I think the majority of this sub calls it like they see it and would like to see fellow North Carolinians stay safe during this time.   The 'mentality' peddled by you and others is the kind of sorry bullshit that, as a native NC'er, I hope to help eradicate
>Go back to where you came from if you don't like it here.  I want to like you but quotes like that are why I hate the current administration.
Source: [Trump says schools should reopen because children are 'virtually immune' - 08/05/2020](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2020/08/05/coronavirus-trump-pushes-reopening-saying-children-immune/3297255001/)  >President Donald Trump defended his call to reopen schools this fall by claiming children are "virtually immune" from COVID-19 and that the coronavirus will "go away" soon.  >“This thing’s going away – It will go away like things go away," Trump said during a wide-ranging interview on "Fox & Friends" a day after authorities reported more than 1,000 Americans died of the virus.  He subsequently had his facebook post removed and twitter account temporarily disabled for making this false claim. [source](https://wnyt.com/albany-ny-education-stem/facebook-citing-virus-misinformation-deletes-trump-post/5818110/?cat=10114)
What an idiot.
Especially when we're noticing a correlation between children who were covid-19 positive and then children who developed something very similar to Kawasaki syndrome. How cavalier America is being in response to a profound lack of knowledge about this disease has been one of the more frightening aspects of this pandemic. Everyday we see assumptions that we've made being discarded as this virus behaves unlike most viruses, demanding that we take it more seriously and behave more cautiously than we have been.
I did explicitly say they could transmit it. Not sure how I could make that clearer. My background is biology: I go with what the research says, not what politicians say.
How the hell do we know the lOnG tErM eFfEcTs of covid. It’s only been around a little over half a year?!?!?!?? Sounds like some bullshit.
I never said to "fling open the gates" and let "whoever does just die." Your thinking is incredibly binary.  Lockdowns and masks will not stop a virus, they will only slow it down. So we can either accept that truth and try to get some sort of normalcy back while also taking precautions and protecting the most vulnerable, or we can stay locked down until a time when the virus burns out (if that ever happens), or we have a vaccine (if that ever happens).  Also, there are treatments for this thing that has lowered the death rate considerably so people's outcomes are way better than they were back in March and April. I honestly think treatments will be the way of "defeating" the virus, not some hope of a vaccine or endless lockdowns.
They’re corollary studies.  They weren’t doing any major biological testing and were only collecting data of spread.  They’re not determining the “why” and it doesn’t exactly consider external factors.  Just raw numbers about who’s spreading to who.
It's an ongoing study. Though if you read the study it shows evidence that they are vehicles for spread.  The data is there for you to read if you need it.
This data is good reason to consider them vectors until proven otherwise. It doesn't suggest that they cannot spread the virus or that they are "stoppers" of the virus in any sense.  It's smarter to err on the side of caution instead of sticking our arm in the bears mouth.
[Median outstanding student loan debt is $17,000.](https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2019/08/13/facts-about-student-loans/)
Thanks, combined with that we're also at the highest level of worker productivity ever. Nothing quite like getting paid less to do significantly more.
I make $15/hr and pay child support. If I tallied all my necessary expenses (power, food, fuel, communication, car insurance, health insurance, pet expenses and out of pocket expenses for time with my child) I can't afford a decent place to live in a safe neighborhood that's even 1 bedroom.   I can't even live in income based housing because I make just a little too much as well. So I'm in a limbo and cannot get out of it. I work full time, pre-pandemic I would do side jobs for some extra income when I had the chance.   I don't have a car payment and my insurance and taxes on that are low since it's a 28 year old vehicle.   I can't afford vacations because my job doesn't offer PTO and right now I live paycheck to paycheck and I simply rent a room.   I'm not asking to live with granite countertops, in the hottest zip code or even in a gated community. I want to live somewhere nice, comfortable, with a low crime rate and nearby things to take my kid to do when I have her with me.   [https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/z1/dataviz/dfa/compare/chart/](https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/z1/dataviz/dfa/compare/chart/)   This chart shows the differences in income wealth between the top 1% the 90-99% and the other income demographics. They hold a substantial amount of wealth. We pay the taxes they don't and when they donate to charities WE are the ones paying for those donations because they get a return on their taxes for their "generous" donations.  We could make more if they (top earners in the nation) would equally distribute the wealth. We all could live comfortably. It will never happen though if people with a similar mindset as yourself keep accepting what we have now as OK.
I mean you can survive that way, sure. We bought our house based on a single income. However, a major medical emergency still has the possibility to financially ruin us and I can assure you that's not a lifestyle choice.
I don’t know how this relates to your original post. But that’s okay. Let’s address it.   How many people have 20% to put down (and still have funds for emergencies of all varieties) and can get a 3.8% rate - which is what it would take to get that $700/month payment to reference. Additionally, are you saying $35k take home? Do you know what it costs to insure a family? Also. Do you have any idea how many people take home less than $35k?   I mean, in a perfect world, sure it could work. We’re just missing that perfect world scenario for, I dunno, *most* Americans.
holy moly the school scores are really shitty compared to schools in cary   same district, whats the difference?
I’m glad you had a choice? Lol most people don’t.
This dude posted a video on a conspiracy subreddit trying to prove masks don’t work. He’s a lost cause.
Wow.  *Proving my point.*  No self-respecting North Carolinian would talk like that to someone.  Even someone they really disliked.  Get some manners.
Exactly.
What "mentality"?  Being kind to others??     Seriously??   The level of animus towards country people -- towards people in general who don't want to join in on the North-Carolina-bashing (there's been more than one ad hominem post -- over what? -- wanting to be kind?)  --in this sub is unreal.
Well said. I've mentioned this in comments before...Life/Death of this virus is only a slice of the equation. The rest consisting of How long will One be hospitalized? We see that many, many younger people are the ones in hospital for weeks. How much will these medical bills be? Can I afford them? Will I go bankrupt from those bills? How will the medical system handle those financial losses (they're already being crippled because of how ineffective the healthcare industry is structured)?  What are the long term affects of this virus? Can I afford life long treatment/medications on top of my current expenses? Who will care for my family if I am hospitalized? Who will take care of me if me if I sustain after affects so substantial that I cannot work? These are just some of the questions that need to be asked and rarely are because people fear mortality far more than life in peril.  I'll probably make this comment (with some edits) into a singular post at some point as these things should be seriously considered and reported on more frequently instead of simply noting hospitalizations, positive cases, and deaths.  Edited for punctuation.
Yeah, I saw that on TV also.  But, it seems to be very rare.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/georgias-youngest-covid-19-death-is-7-year-old-boy-with-no-underlying-conditions  But kids are immune, we should let his parents know.
I wouldn't see why you'd be so quick to deny it.  Covid has been around for half a year, but most people recover in two weeks.  There has been plenty of time to monitor patients after hospitalization.  [If you actually would be interesting in looking into it, here is some early indication that patients are experiencing further lung impairment after infection](https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2020/06/study-finds-lung-impairment-recovering-covid-19-patients) It's not 100% conclusive at this point, but it's not something to dismiss as bullshit without even bothering to read into it.
The kind of lung damage we are seeing is similar to other long-lasting lung damage. It would be awesome if, in this instance, our bodies were able to repair our lungs in a way that they don't when they present similar levels of lung damage but that's highly improbable.
And at the time of graduation, the average student loan debt is about $37,000. That means when people are at their lowest career earning potential, they’re starting out $37,000 in the hole. A median outstanding debt of $17,000 is pretty high when you look at the age distribution of those loan holders in your source.
**"In 2016, the amount students owed varied widely, especially by degree attained.** The median borrower with outstanding student loan debt for their own education owed $17,000 in 2016. The amount owed varied considerably, however. A quarter of borrowers with outstanding debt reported owing $7,000 or less, while another quarter owed $43,000 or more. (Because of changes to the survey questions, it is not possible to determine the amount owed in 2018.)"  Your out of context quote is nice and all but not the whole truth.  From the article you've linked.
Indeed, even more of a headache when Elder Millennial's like myself get chastised because we expect more compensation from our employers. I have family that pull in 6 figures a year and do substantially less work than myself. Even have about 6 times the PTO that I do (I really don't have PTO, we get time off but unpaid) that judges me for expressing what I see as valid complaints when it comes to wage inequality.  What gets my goat really though is they think (at least this family member) that the top earners shouldn't have to pay the same taxes as I do. They believe they should remain exempt and still get returns along with the payouts/State tax breaks these companies get when opening in new cities.   I wish I didn't have to pay taxes and got millions of dollars from the state and federal government every year.
$15/hr and child support is a pretty untenable situation. If I were you I would spend every waking moment getting myself in a position where I could earn more income. You're making less than the median income as (presumably) a full-time working adult who (judging by your writing skills) isn't an idiot. Odds are you can do significantly better, income-wise.  I don't know what lifestyle choices you've made in the past, and I don't presume to know what struggles you've had in your personal life, but my general sentiment remains the same - lifestyle choices are the leading factor in how objectively well your life will turn out.
I'm assuming you have health insurance though? And yes, I know certain chronic medical conditions can still be expensive even with decent insurance, but it sure as hell beats being uninsured.  Anyway, the main point is that it's mostly lifestyle choices preventing people from living comfortably on one income. And I'm not even saying that's a bad thing. Women want to work; I mean they literally *fought* for employment equality. So if both adults in a household want to work, they can have nicer stuff, a bigger house, new cars, etc...  But then to turn around and say "the system is broken because we can't go down to one income at the drop of a hat"... Well, that's just disingenuous.
It relates to my original post because the house I shared is a perfect example of how the average American family lived back when it was much more common to have a single income in the household.  I know exactly what it costs to insure a family, because I self-insure my family of 3. It's expensive. Most people with full-time employment have most of their insurance covered by their workplace healthcare plan, but I can already tell you're just going to cherry-pick the worst case scenarios for every possible variable in this hypothetical personal finance situation, so it doesn't matter.  Anyway, the overwhelming majority of Americans somehow manage to figure out how to afford a downpayment and a mortgage, given that the homeownership rate is almost 70% in this country.  My point is simply that if more families elected to prioritize their ability to live on one income, then it would be much more common to see people moving into smaller, more affordable homes.  Like most things in this country, you can take some personal initiative and responsibility, and usually things work out just fine, or you can just bitch and moan and blame the system, in which case your complaints become your reality.
Well there is your first problem. Everyone has a choice. Doesn't mean it will be easy.  Do you have someone in your area you can talk to about finding a away to live on one income? I can can give you any tips I have and you can pass them on to others looking to live on one income.
Well masks don't work for filtering out stuff you breathe in, only filters or helps prevent dispersal from stuff you breathe out...but that message never seems to resonate in some.  And if you having any masks with valves or holes in it then you've got a useless mask.
> No self-respecting North Carolinian  No true Scotsman, amiright?
So, what you are saying is that a North Carolinian would rather project a false sense of decorum than to be honest and direct? Seems like a very craven and backstabby way to be. Personally, I'd rather people stab me in my front.
I respect myself quite a bit and I’ve lived in NC my whole life. Long enough to know there are a lot of fucking idiots that live in this state that claim everyone who disagrees with them is a snowflake, when they themselves are the over sensitive ones lol.
There is certainly a holier than thou attitude when it comes to urban vs rural, but I don't think that's something specifically limited to /r/northcarolina
What level of animus we talking here? Like DBZ or all the way up to Monster Musume?
GTFO and stick to your bullshit conspiracy subs if you don't like it, bud.   That's nothing against country people - that's directed solely at you and your beliefs.
What's bananas about your post and the current moment is that there are many people still alive who had this same conversation and relationship with polio and yet here we are.
Exactly; a handful of (healthy) kids globally experience more than a mild illness. The odds are *slightly* higher than a freak accident.
McDonald’s has worse long term side effects yet that isn’t stopping people from constant eating it. Where is all the outrage?!?!? Why isn’t McDonald’s banned. Yup no one gives a shit about some maybes.   McDonald’s food could lead to serious health risks such as heart disease, diabetes, high-blood pressure, obesity, cancer, and many other chronic illnesses.
No one here said they were "Super Spreaders".
Ain’t nobody got time for context. We got a narrative to stick to.
> that the top earners shouldn't have to pay the same taxes as I do  They're talking about individuals here? If so I'd LOVE (/s) to hear their reasoning on that...
I appreciate your response. I also very much appreciate that you don't pretend to know my situation as many I speak with automatically assume we share the same lives.  I am a PC/Mac hardware specialist. I rebuild/repair computers for a living (I also dabble in software as well). The company I work for is a relatively young company that hasn't even reached a decade in age as of this comment.  I took the job there because they allowed me to do something I love without the requirement for a BA in Computer Science or an A+ certification. This is great because after being there for so many years it has afforded me the experience to apply for higher paying IT jobs.  Pre-pandemic I was looking to switch employers to one that has more to offer than where I currently am. I've gone through a few interviews and was offered one job but they couldn't beat my current wage. A couple others I was beat out of by individuals with far more experience than myself (and rightfully so).  As you've stated $15 is egregiously low and I should (and am capable as you can probably tell by now) be making more than that.  My search will not end, I will find something better for myself and my kid. It's tough though when you're trying to juggle all of that on such a tight income. And even harder to make time for interviews when I don't get PTO so that I can be more flexible for interviews. Every dollar lost going to one hurts when it's a paycheck to paycheck situation.  There are people that are financially and professionally worse off than I and those are whom I am more concerned about. And as someone else noted that we need these people in low wage positions such as Janitors, Cooks, Cashiers and so on. Since we need them in those positions we should be compensating them as such to reflect that.
Yes, we actually have fantastic health insurance thanks to our jobs but ultimately if one of us got cancer it would still be devastating financially. I'm of the opinion that until we're at the point where dumb blind luck no longer plays such a big role we're not at a reasonable level of worker compensation. I know that's an issue that can be tied to other things as well, but as our system stands health insurance is tied to employment so that's the framework I'm working in.  For what it's worth I do mostly agree with you. Though, on the other hand, there's nothing wrong with wanting nice things and yet on another side of that it's the reason our per capita carbon footprint is so big.   At every level parts of it come down to one of humanity's great sins: greed.
Wait. So you give me a best case scenario for housing, and then say I’m the one cherry picking? Come on now. The personal initiative and responsibility piece of your comment says a lot about how you view your fellow Americans. There’s nothing wrong with blaming the system when the system is fucking broken.   To be clear, I own a home. Two cars. My family has health insurance and I have short term and long term savings. And I’ve worked damn hard to get here. Now. I say that because I’ve been fortunate. There are tons of people that work just as hard if not harder than me. Have made more responsible decisions than me. Have done every single fucking thing the American Dream Handbook told them to and they still can’t get ahead. Why is that? Because this bootstrap bullshit isn’t a real thing. Do you know how hard it is to find a goddamn apartment for $700/month in, say, Charlotte? Much less one that will accommodate a family. So when exactly should they start saving for that down payment? On top of that, I recently saw a job posting for a front desk clerk at a motel. Night shift. One of the reqs was a bachelor’s degree. A bachelors degree to work a motel desk. So please talk some more about how people just need to take a little initiative and everything will be okay.
Yeah it’s called get paid more money 😂 but glad that happened for you.
This is called privilege. I dont have a choice. My bf has to work full time night shift for the extra pay, and I work full time day time. Everyday I wish we could afford to have one of us stay at home but we literally cannot. I am now even considering a part-time just to save up so we could own our own house and maybe get a little ahead in life.   We attempted a stay at home parent but we burnt out our savings just to make ends meet. I remember I went days without eating just so my bf who was working and my child could eat.  Several other Americans are in the same boat, its not only about money management. Even the best financial advisors will tell you that.
There’s new research that states wearing a mask can reduce the viral load that you take in, which means you’ll not get as severe a case. So if I can protect others and make my case not as severe, wearing a mask becomes a no-brainer.
Aye, North Carolinians. They ruined North Carolina.
Not technically an actual fallacy, but whatever.    Not expecting logic from this thread anymore.
I'm not a redneck.  I just don't believe in hating on people for being from the country.   And I frankly don't believe in hating on people for any reason.     It's about having social decorum and looking for the good in others.
Tone it down.  This is your warning.
So true. My mother lived through the Polio crisis and I had that conversation with her during this crisis. She said she never had the Polio vaccine and she believes Covid is nothing to worry about like Polio wasn't.  I then asked her if I was vaccinated for Polio as a child. She told me I was. So, I asked her if it wasn't something to worry about why get me vaccinated for it? And If you cared for me enough to be vaccinated for that then why deny that this virus is serious business?  I didn't get a rational answer to those questions. She just parroted Jaba the Trump about how it's nothing, just a cold, most people will be just fine.  I can't deny that most people won't die. But if ran unchecked this virus can kill at least 14 Million Americans (we really don't know the true rate of mortality so it could be more or less). And of course that's ignoring the other issues that come with the virus.   So even though Millions could die because of this virus (to them) it's OK because "most will be just fine".
I did not realize people were out voluntarily infecting themselves with a virus every so often over the course of decades, like people consume McDonalds.  Bro, you're clearly just here to start shit.  Your entire post history is just trying to piss people off and insult others.  I'd always welcome discussion, but you only seem to want to stir shit in bad faith.
I requested a valid reason as well from this family member. I was told "because they earned it, that's the great thing about Capitalism".  I'll agree to some of that. They did build a company, gained recognition, provided jobs for people, some even offer benefits and PTO, maternity leave (some paternity leave), and other niceties (though every full time+ job I've had over the past decade has not offered any of those things to me).  But the questions I offered after accepting those truths is "do they really deserve to be making over 1000 times more than their lowest wage worker? Those employees are the reason the company achieved its magnitude. Those workers are what is bringing in those Billions of Dollars a year.  They again say to me "Capitalism is the best because we can all earn that".  Really though? I'm sure a lot if not most of those multi-billionaires come from affluent families that were able to offer these earners the privilege they possess. But what do I know? I have been at the same job for 5 years, have been a diligent full time employee and only make 15$/hr.  Just saying ~~either~~ these top earners should start paying taxes equal to mine. Nearly half of my pay is going to taxes and a Social Security I'll likely never see.  "But those Billionaires make donations to many organizations." Sure. Yeah. They also get a tax write off at the end of the year for those donations. So basically I'm the one making the donation and their accounts stay stacked with cash.  So much cynicism within me these days. Sorry for the rant there lol! I just wish this shit would change. I vote at every chance wishing someone can do something but growing older I realize it will take a total system overhaul in order to accomplish anything worth recognition on these issues. That day may never come because of how corrupt and money driven Goverment (local and federal) is.
Dude you should be repairing computers on the side doing your own gigs too
> The personal initiative and responsibility piece of your comment says a lot about how you view your fellow Americans.   So... You don't think people should have personal responsibility over their personal financial decisions? What does that "say" about how I view people? Let's cut to the chase, you probably think I'm a Trump-worshiping conservative lunatic. Well, I'm not at all. Can't stand the guy, and I've voted to the left every single time. But I can still believe in American individualism and personal responsibility. They go hand in hand.  > There are tons of people that work just as hard if not harder than me. Have made more responsible decisions than me.  This I guess is where we differ in opinion/experience. I don't know a single person who has worked harder than me and made more responsible decisions than me who isn't doing completely fine, all things considered. Maybe it's an age thing. I used to be more idealistic in my 20s.  > Do you know how hard it is to find a goddamn apartment for $700/month in, say, Charlotte?  Yeah, it's damn near impossible. Charlotte and many other metro areas are still hurting from the chronic housing shortage that's been plaguing the country since the 2008 real estate crash. I agree that's a problem, and the state should be strongly incentivizing massive residential construction.  If I were coming out of school again right now, I'd do the same thing I did last time: be frugal, live with roommates, save a ton of cash, wait to have kids, and work hard.
I see, you're being facetious. You don't know what has happened for me or how much money my household makes.  If you become truly interested send me a message. I think every family should have this opportunity. It's possible and it's worth it.
I remember being pregnant and barely eating so my husband would have a full meal when he got home from a 12hr shift.  We are doing much better now after I learned to budget and we divided responsibilities to the person best equipped for the task. Plus many other things.  All of these things you are telling me are what I told myself before now. You can assume what my life is like, but that only hurts you. Because I'm living proof of what can be and you are just trying to label me instead of taking tips I'm offering to everyone. At least if you took the time to listen we would truly know if I have nothing to offer you.  I will tell you what I told the other person. If you really want to try message me and I'll help how I can. You'll either learn nothing new or get a new perspective. I wish you well.
How do you cook your grits?
You aren't being hated for being "from the country." People are shitting on you because of your behavior. If your behavior changes, people will stop shitting on you.
Understood.
Jaba the Trump. I like it.
No worries about the rant, and I feel you on the cynicism.  > "do they really deserve to be making over 1000 times more than their lowest wage worker? Those employees are the reason the company achieved its magnitude. Those workers are what is bringing in those Billions of Dollars a year.  This idea has been at the forefront for me recently. Like yeah, as a business owner you took the risk, made the investment, and did the work to get things started, and you should be rewarded for that. However, like you said, employees are what make most businesses run and make money. At some point the inputs of employees will outweigh the inputs of the owner, and I think compensation should reflect that. The problem is, I don't think there is any mechanism for that outside of unions, and that's not happening in this country any time soon.  Pure capitalists say "go start your own company" but if the answer is "exploit my labor until it motivates me to become your competition" then personally I think that's a broken system. Just because not everyone wants to start a business shouldn't mean the people that do should get away with screwing everybody else.   I dunno. I'm content to do my job as a software developer and take home my admittedly very good paycheck, and while I hate to see those taxes coming out I've always looked at it as the cost of living in a functioning society. That so many other people, as individuals or those owning/managing businesses, work so hard to find ways around paying taxes or to get them reduced emphasizes the point that I am very much not like them.   I had all kinds of jobs at all kinds of compensation levels before getting to where I am. $7.50/$15/$20 bucks an hour I've been there. Relying on tips, been there too. And yeah, getting to where I'm at now took a lot of work and stress. I still don't shit on people who work "lesser" jobs, and I think everyone who puts in 40 hours should be making enough money to live comfortably. We as a society need janitors and cooks and dog walkers and everybody else. Relying on "the market" to ensure everyone can afford to live is stupid, because "the market" isn't some law of the universe like gravity. It's the actions of people and a lot of people with significant influence on the market are selfish pricks.   How's that for a rant?!
And, strive towards establishing a side company ST and LT potentially future FT self-employment
> So... You don't think people should have personal responsibility over their personal financial decisions?   You know damn well that’s not what I’m saying. But if you don’t, let me be more clear. Initiative and responsibility — or rather lack there of as you indicated — is A contributor. It is not THE contributor.   > This I guess is where we differ in opinion/experience. I don't know a single person who has worked harder than me and made more responsible decisions than me who isn't doing completely fine  That’s the problem. It’s led you to believe that this is in fact the case when it isn’t. To reiterate, I am very pro initiative and very pro responsibility and a lot of people do disregard those things. That, however, does not mean the system isn’t broken.   I agree with you on a lot of things in theory. Where we disagree is what happens once things go off the rails. Make a few less than perfect decisions in your early twenties and suddenly it’s damn near impossible to steady the ship on your own. We have this “America’s the biggest and best” mentality yet you make one less than perfect choice or you get born into the wrong family and it’s “sorry about your luck”. The number of times I’ve seen comments here or have heard people say “well you should have made better choices” disgusts me.
Ok this is starting to sound like an MLM 😂
so your unborn child went hungry for your husband's career and you just see it as a story.
Know what? This thread already seems like it's getting too out of hand but..    In a bowl in the microwave
Once again -- for the reading impaired -- I'm not from the country.  Just don't like to see country people OR ANYONE harassed and this sub has a NASTY habit of ragging on poor people, or country people, or both.  It's vulgar and it needs to stop.
I couldn't have penned it better myself. Just hope that somewhere within my lifetime we can make things better for our upcoming generation and they can do the same for theirs.
> You know damn well that’s not what I’m saying.  Apologies, but no I didn't. It's pretty common on Reddit for people to hold fairly ridiculous opinions and have a shocking misunderstanding of how the world actually operates, to the point where they think UBI is a valid policy choice we should be considering.  > Where we disagree is what happens once things go off the rails.  Not really, I am happy with some social safety nets to prevent people from undue suffering through no fault of their own. I would strongly prefer a single-payer healthcare system in this country.  > you make one less than perfect choice or you get born into the wrong family and it’s “sorry about your luck”  Again, that's really not my experience. I have had friends who were laid off multiple times, who have been in jail, who have had kids too early and been divorced and remarried, and all of them are doing fine in spite of those decisions. However, I also have had friends (who I no longer associate with) who would just repeatedly make the worst possible decisions, and they suffer as a result of it. I can't think of a single exception - a friend who did almost everything right and still ended up in a bad place. But hey, I'm happy to consider any data that flies in the face of my anecdotal experience.
I know right! That's after I reworded it too. That last paragraph sounds like I'm about to tell you about the life changing new product that doctors hate lmao.  In all seriousness. Don't sell you or your family short. We are both in NC there is no reason for you not to live the way your family wants. If you decide I'm not a clown send me a message and I'll help how I can.
No, and it's disgusting that you feel that way.
Again, no one is harassing anyone simply for being poor or from the country. If you are a Conservative who happens to be poor or from the country, you are going to have a bad time in a online space devoted to a state that is rapidly discarding conservatism as a valid ideology. Again, if you don't like it, don't be a Conservative.
I'm an underpaid, under-privileged gun loving Liberal and I haven't got that vibe from this community one single time.   As the saying goes... "If *you* run *into* an *asshole in* the morning, *you* ran *into* an *asshole*. If *you* run *into* assholes all day, *you*'*re the asshole*.”
No one is harassing country and/or poor folk. And this is from someone who grew up rather poor in one of the poorest counties in the state.   Are people who choose to be willfully ignorant being given some deserved tsk tsks from concerned NC'ers? Yup, because the ignorant stupid shit is vulgar and it needs to stop.
Fair enough.   > Again, that's really not my experience. I have had friends who were laid off multiple times, who have been in jail, who have had kids too early and been divorced and remarried, and all of them are doing fine in spite of those decisions.  To your point, we’re both just sharing anecdotes. Mine however illustrate that there are gaps in yours. And for clarity, I’m not saying yours are bullshit. I have multiple examples of both “sides” of your scenario. I am an example of the former. Made a lot of poor choices pairing good luck with hard work have been fortunate enough to pull it back on the rails. But I have a lot going for me others don’t. By no fault of their own. That said, I know a number of people that have been able to spend their entire lives making choices that would wreck most people’s entire lives. But they were born into a better situation. So it’s a non-issue for them.   The point here (from the beginning) is that this isn’t a one-size fits all scenario. And to simplify that down to initiative and responsibility seems either myopic or dismissive. This isn’t the same country my parents and their parents grew up in and I don’t think we can just treat it like it is.
I saw what you said down thread and really there is only so much a budget can do.
you and your baby went hungry in a world where food is thrown away by the ton.
Or learn to tolerate people who don't think like you??  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  Be broadminded?  Don't circlejerk?
Yeah...well, you said the key word there --  " liberal" -- so I guess you get a free pass, all day every day.  Enjoy the liberal privilege afforded you by this sub.  All I did was suggest we shouldn't crack on country people or stereotype them and there've been a series of nonstop rabid posts ever since.  I'm not running into assholes all day.  I'm only running into them on this sub.
> I know a number of people that have been able to spend their entire lives making choices that would wreck most people’s entire lives. But they were born into a better situation. So it’s a non-issue for them.   100% agree - it's not a two-way street in terms of privilege. If you are born into a privileged situation, it's like playing life on easy mode (although lots of wealthy people end up all fucked in the head for other reasons).  However, the flip side of being born into basically nothing doesn't guarantee a bad outcome by any stretch of the imagination. I firmly believe in a guarantee of equal opportunity in this country, but I draw the line when people get confused and think we should provide a guarantee of equal outcome.
You're right. Only a budget isn't gonna do crap.  Years ago when I lived on my own in Rock Hill I went to the bank to get a budget because I was struggling.  The dude let me know there was no way I was saving with what I had. Which was nice to hear that I wasn't just stupid lol,  but still i needed to be able to save.
We didn't go hungry, and what is your point?
I'm not going to tolerate someone who believes that certain groups of people shouldn't have as many rights as everyone else just because they were born different. For someone who is virtue signaling about not hating people, that you don't understand that conservativism quite literally exists to hate people is fucking infuriating. It really paints a picture of just how disingenuous and intellectually dishonest a person you are. Oh, and if it isn't plain, it's also part of why people dislike and shit on conservatives because this is their wheelhouse: decontextualization, disingenuous arguments, and intellectually dishonest discourse.
Behavior that can cause harm to others shouldn't be tolerated. I don't think a condescending tone helps to change minds, but the anti-maskers are an actual liability for our safety and should be made aware of that.
If anything I get attacked more for being Liberal than anything else on this sub. I don't mind though I know where my morals are.   As for why you're being ousted on this sub. Just look at the quote of yours I highlighted earlier. Just be a more socially conscious person and apply logical critical thinking. You should be fine as long as you're working with everyone as a team instead of an adversary.
I appreciate the discussion.
I have had this same discussion with folks on reddit and they just refuse to see it.   if folks really wanted to live on one medain income they very much could but they got to cut a lot of extras they are not willing to go without.    glad to see someone else trying to reason with the masses.
The only "adversaries" I see are the ones knocking North Carolinians, rural North Carolinians, Eastern North Carolinians.  Sorry -- I'm not the "adversary" here.
I'm just saying if it quacks like a duck and looks like a duck...

ECU Confirms 11 COVID-19 Cases

It’s about to be a whole dumpster fire in schools around the country this fall. Pre-k to post grad.
Wow, 11 people tested positive. This is nothing but stretching for more "scary" COVID news.
It’s what, the first week of school? Seems like important and newsworthy information. 11 cases is significant for most countries in the world, here we have it in a single college.
school hasn't even started yet.
15 cases turned into 150,000 dead pretty quick. If unchecked, yes, it can get very scary.
I was in greenville the other day and none of the bars were enforcing social distancing or mask policies. around a hundred students in supdogs when I drove past. Chances are at least one of them has interacted with one of the 11.
You’re an idiot, please don’t have children
I always love when people are smug as hell while they talk out of their asses.
It took nearly 10 days for almost half of them to Recover you terrorist
Classes haven’t even begun yet
Ignoring the simplistic response that "15 cases turned into 150,000 dead pretty quick," I will point out that it is not going "unchecked." The university is still opening on time and taking the same precautions they had in place before this "outbreak." According to the CDC, as of August 5, 16,353 people in the 15-24 age range have died in this country since February 1. 225 were deaths _with_ COVID-19 (not necessarily _from_ COVID-19). That's 0.00007% of the population of the U.S. I hate people dying, and we should be careful no matter the age we're dealing with, but the fact that 11 people were positive at a university that is still opening on time and taking mandatory precautions is not huge news. The only reason this was published was to spread worry, doubt, and fear.  I like this story better, which reports the same thing but then gives more information that doesn't make it sound so "scary."  [ECU reports 11 COVID-19 cases in students, employees as classes resume Monday](https://www.google.com/amp/s/wcti12.com/amp/news/local/ecu-reports-11-covid-19-cases-in-students-employees)
Haha! Too late!
Exactly. Have all students even moved into the dorms yet, other than early arrivals like marching band and RAs?
>If unchecked, yes, it can get very scary.  You missed this part. Emphasis on the word "If".  Edit: We also don't calculate mortality on overall population that's just fucking stupid. We calculate based on positive infections and that percentage in the US as of now is 3.25%.
They have been moving in for last few weeks. Classes start Monday.
Students have moved in, it’s gotten crowded around town too
I never mentioned a mortality rate. And your comment did say _if_ left unchecked and I was only saying that in this situation it's not being left unchecked.
Ah, crap, you're right, the 10th. I had it mixed up with public schools who start on the 17th.   I know a friend of mine moved in Monday, I assumed the marching band members were a week or so earlier than everyone else like when I was there but I suppose this semester isn't exactly normal.
Lovely, and here I was looking to go to Walmart tomorrow lol I’d been enjoying the summer quiet.
Yeah they have a really weird schedule this year . I work there,  which is the  only reason I even knew they were starting on Monday. Otherwise, I would have been in same mindset as you! It’s odd seeing everyone back so early.

North Carolina reports first dog to have COVID-19 after family member tests positive


State health officials correcting COVID-19 test totals after LabCorp 'discrepancy'
From wral (sorry they don't have an article up yet): "State health officials correcting COVID-19 test totals after LabCorp 'discrepancy' — Officials with the state Department of Health and Human Services say they are reducing the state's official count of completed COVID-19 tests by more than 200,000 after identifying "an inconsistency across LabCorp data submissions." Health officials say the count did not impact the published number of new positive tests or the percent of tests that returned positive."
So that's why numbers have been so delayed this week. 200k tests is nearly ten percent of the reported completed tests in the state, that's nuts.
Link with details. https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/state-health-officials-drastically-revise-down-covid-19-data-after-labcorp-discrepancy/19232381/

Washington, NC Mayor dies of COVID-19


Washington, NC mayor dies from complications of COVID-19

That’s sad. Little Washington is a very charming town. I’m glad to have spent some time in it. They have some good food somehow and also for some reason, everyone leaves their lights on and shades open at night. I don’t understand that at all.   But of course I’m sorry for their loss. And the loss for the family.
The first city named Washington in the US.
I love that town, I used to drive over from New Bern every chance I got. Sad to hear about the mayor.
I've noticed that the town has made a huge PR push the last couple of years. It seems that every month there is an article on WRAL about it. The food is top notch, my only issue is that the river gets hot as shit during the Summer.
TIL this.  And, Happy cake day!
Bill's Hot Dog Stand is the bomb. I haven't had one in like 10 years because I don't live anywhere nearby but I miss them and I hope they survive Covid.
Thanks m8 and may this man RIP.
Bills has multiple locations now and is going stronger than ever!

NC ranked 3rd of the most COVID-19 restrictions
 "North Carolina has among the most coronavirus-related restrictions of any state in the country, a new report finds."3rd: North Carolina2nd:  Pennsylvania 1st :  California &#x200B;15th: South Carolina18th: Florida29th: New York&#x200B;For a full state ranking in descending order of coronavirus restrictions, here's the link:[https://wallethub.com/edu/states-coronavirus-restrictions/73818/](https://wallethub.com/edu/states-coronavirus-restrictions/73818/)
Most restrictions with least enforcement
I'm with the people here. I'm happy to live in a county that is as a collective doing a great job in keeping numbers down (only 1965 from the start of all this) but I've been disappointed when traveling to other areas where it isn't enforced and no one seems to care.
good. if only our chud LEOs would actually enforce them
Certainly doesn’t feel like it.
This is information you got from Wallet Hub.
I'm moving to NC from Michigan where we had a huge outbreak early. The governor put a lot of restrictions on and took a lot of abuse for it but those restrictions worked. I really hope that it gets better there fast because people who I know well caught the virus and it was awful.
The chart with a comparison of death rate ranking to restrictions makes North Carolina’s reaction seem pretty reasonable. We fall in the High Death rate and many Restrictions category. How they scored us we have a little more restrictions than deaths but I’m not sure this is a situation where you want to be exactly even given how fluid this situation seems to be.
When 170,000 American deaths are an inconvenience to our way of life.
They ranked NC as having a High Death Rate (22 deaths per 100,000 population) while ranking New Jersey, literally the highest death rate on the planet, as having a Low Death Rate (179 deaths per 100,000 population). I wonder how they do their classifications?
> If e keep it up, but Labor Day when this round of restrictions end, we should be able to actually open bars and gyms and the rest of places that are closed without much issue.  lol very dubious. it will be years before things normalize at this point because some of us are very insistent on not taking basic steps to eliminate the virus
Maybe it means currently not overall?
What do you mean by 'eliminate the virus'? This was never the intended goal of the lockdowns nor is it even realistic. The Plague still exists, as do the flu, ebola, other coronaviruses like the common cold, and thousands of other infectious diseases. If there were 'basic steps' to eliminating these kinds of viruses, these would have disappeared long ago.  As for things taking years, was that not the actual point of the lockdowns? Our goal was to "flatten the curve", which means making the pandemic last **longer**, not shorter, although with the goal of lower spikes. It seems like you are mad that the pandemic has lasted so long, but also support the lockdowns, which were, as I said, intended to lengthen the pandemic. This isn't some consipracy theory either; the *stated goal* of the lockdowns were lengthening the pandemic.
you just harped on about a single phrase i posted for two paragraphs. maybe it would be better if i had said mitigate instead of eliminate?  have you noticed how ebola has for the most part not become super widespread? why do you think that is?  also what happened to polio? smallpox?  not gonna lie bud the content and particularly the tone of your post makes me think you're a fucking corona conspiracy weirdo
What conspiracy theory do you think I buy into? And it would have been better if you said mitigate instead of eliminate, since those mean 2 very different things.   It sounds to me, based on your tone and content, that you support the lockdowns, but have gotten impatient now that they have worked as intended and want to blame others instead of acknowledging that your preferred policy wasn’t a magic bullet that would eliminate COVID in a few months.

The North Carolina Zoo was expecting 1 million visitors this year. Then COVID-19 hit.

:-(  I enjoy the zoo, but COVID-19 is keeping me home. I feel their pain.
If you want to go to the Zoo then you have to buy your ticket ahead of time with the day you are actually going. They are doing this because they have to limit the number of people that come in every day.   Dummy me found out the hard way when I took my kids there and got turned away because I hadn't bought tickets in advance. So we went to Natural Science Center instead.
This is very correct.  In my case, it’s a personal issue that’s keeping me from going.
That sucks man... I am sorry to hear that

NC female prisoner fighting cancer is too young to be released for covid-19 concerns.
Shuvon Mitchell is in prison and fighting breast cancer for the third time.  People who are struggling with health problems like cancer are at the greatest risk of dying from covid-19.  North Carolina is releasing some prisoners early because of the coronavirus but those prisoners have to meet arbitrary qualifiers.  Specifically, they must be at least 50 years old.  Shuvon Mitchell is 42 years old.  Shuvon has been in prison for a year already and her only crime was not paying income taxes.I saw this story on WRAL, in the report her family member was begging for help from the public and anyone with influence to have compassion for this woman and find a way for her to come home and fight cancer there.  They are afraid she is at high risk of dying in prison.  If you look at the numbers, the coronavirus has been very impactful in the prison population.  About 17% of the prisoner population at Shuvon's prison have contracted the coronavirus.  I have sent a message to Governor Roy Cooper and to my representatives, Brent Jackson and Larry Strickland, asking them to do something for this lady.  If more people reach out to the governor and their representatives, maybe they can find a way for Shuvon to go home.https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wral.com/coronavirus/nc-prison-officials-woman-fighting-cancer-too-young-to-be-released-for-covid-19-concerns/19233919/%3fversion=amp
Good grief do some digging people.  She ran a home health service for elderly folks, stole money that was supposed to go to the company and the care, money that was largely paid by us, the tax payers of nc, went on a shit ton of trips with this money all over the world and got caught.  Yeah.  She didn't pay her taxes but that is the least of it.  She robbed old sick people of care and went to Jamaica with the money.   Honestly fuck her.
I also encourage everybody to actually read the story. It’s not like the family and attorney are minimizing her crime or asking her to just be let free. She is 4-5 months away from being released and it doesn’t seem unreasonable to release her now and have her fight cancer from home while on some type of conditional release.
She embezzled over $100k.  She deserves her jail time.   https://www.ncdor.gov/news/press-releases/2019/07/02/cumberland-county-business-owner-sentenced-state-tax-case
Definitely a bigger deal than not paying taxes but I doubt she could do it again since she’s infamous.

Teacher creates national database of COVID-19-related school closings, cases and deaths

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQSD9mm5HTXhxAiHabZA6BPUByWBlP5HZ2jfOPEeGZkMB0ZFsmFBL5orqjIq22mjFNZ7n-11ObCylGn/pubhtml?fbclid=IwAR2tJ8yDVehGpxoP97Cco5HYAxoN014opwwm6uYt4s3E2xDr_8u9KF_LlgI   16 tracked in NC I doubt this is all we have but damn sure know this wont be all of them before all schools  go remote.
I perused several links on this list, and a good number of these entries are included because the person's job was that of a teacher, and not because they actually caught it on the job.  This would be more informative if these incidental cases were not included.
rule 5

UNC faculty call special meeting as fourth COVID-19 cluster among students reported

Why is the picture of UNCC?
I mean what the fuck were they expecting? For everyone to come back and nobody get sick?
Note the following numbers.  The four clusters imply a minimum of 20 new cases among students (as a cluster is defined as 5 or more cases). The numbers, even known to the administration, could be much larger. We don't know.  As shown on the [dashboard](https://carolinatogether.unc.edu/dashboard/), there were already 189 cases reported in the UNC community. Note also that the dashboard displays that there are 45 available spots in quarantine capacity. Given that there are at least 10 new cases on campus (two of the new clusters were in off-campus housing), a large fraction of that quarantine availability will be used up in just the first week.   We should expect more bad news in the coming week.
There’s a rumor floating around Twitter that all but two residents of the Sigma Nu house tested positive https://mobile.twitter.com/HarrisonM_News/status/1294364987109126147
I hope the board of directors of the UNC school system is held personally accountable for this boondoggle.
Apparently, students just received word that they're going online only effective immediately.
WRAL had an article as well https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/unc-reports-fourth-cluster-of-covid-19-in-student-housing/19237613/
People in their age range have a 99.9% survival rate according to the CDC’s numbers.
I also wondered that. That photo isn't even on that page, as far as I can tell.
It seems like the Board of Governors weren't too concerned with student  or community interests
for eveyone to pay, bow down to the smartness of them, and to go home and do everything online...but not without paying full price
That dashboard is ridiculous.
It’s true.
Me too, though it seems unlikely. They are always lurking out of the spotlight
But they spread it to other people in the community. And 1/1000 is not a risk I'd be taking with people I care about
Yikes

UNC-Chapel Hill undergraduate classes to shift entirely online after multiple COVID-19 clusters reported, chancellor announces

WOW! Who could have seen this coming?
I was wrong. Thought it would take a whole month and a lot more cases. Better late than never.
UNCC starts September 7th.  I wonder if this will affect anything
eh. Figured it was happening. I wonder what's gonna happen to High Point University. They are doing in-person. Glad I left before chaos occurs
Can y’all please direct your anger to the BOG and UNC System. Individual schools didn’t really get a say.  From the System president today: “The decision to adapt operations applies to UNC-Chapel Hill only, because no other UNC System institution has reported information, at this time, that would lead to similar modifications.”
Surprisedpikachu.jpeg
Love how they just now decided to let students cancel their housing reservations. My school (also in the UNC system) allowed us to cancel our housing contracts with no penalty over a month ago. And even if they didn't, I still would have stayed home.
Won't be the last school to do this. College dorms are going to be massive outbreaks
All the idiots in Greek life were spreading it. If you a young person PLEASE wear a mask and social distance.
 According to new numbers released by UNC on Monday, during the week of Aug. 10 to Aug. 16, 130 students tested positive and 824 tested negative for COVID-19. That's a percent positive rate of 13 percent.
Yeah you get, at best, half points for getting it right *eventually*.
I'm going to let out a healthy chuckle when I see another Facebook ad seeing to convince me to get a UNC MPH.
What a scam. UNC school system 100% collecting tuition/room and board knowing they would shut down within a week.
my friend just moved in.
They tricked you into moving in knowing this was going to happen. Our nations college system has become a complete and total scam on our nations youth. Imagine all that student loan money that will be paid back over the next 50 years because the young adults assumed their college would be open and they could get a decent education.
The rules never have, nor never will, apply to them!   Who could’ve seen this outcome coming?! 😀
Not UNC.
honestly I wouldn't be surprised if the university 100% expected this, but needed to go through the motions anyway to prove that on-campus was completely unsustainable.
Sure, but will it be a month before football rosters are similarly clusters?   /s
Uncg starts tomorrow.  Ugh.
lol nope
Wednesday for UNCW.
You could not believe their bullshit about not being able to get housing in the spring for starters.
My sister goes to HPU. They’re still doing in-person classes and planning to have their annual “derby day” (basically a huge congregation of students drinking/partying all day long) on Saturday. Doubt that happens though.
No. This is on them as well. Every school had decisions they can make. UNC went ahead with idiotic standards, and basically no distancing
My daughter managed to cancel her UNC housing over the summer with no penalty and no problem.
Which UNC System school are you with if you don't mind me asking? Can you PM me? I'm in the UNC system as well and ours was adamant about not canceling.
already had one cluster at ECU, only a matter of time before we get more and need to close.
So are all the apartments that parents co-signed for for their kids so they didn’t have to live on campus. The kids are just hanging out there in the same way instead, and there’s no system of RAs or campus police. Looking at you, Duke.
Who could have predicted that college undergraduates would behave *irresponsibly*?
Also, if you are an old person, PLEASE wear a mask and social distance
Not just them. Just walk around campus and you’ll see freshmen doing stupid shit right outside of their dorms.
What did UNC expect?
I mean I'm sure the education is great. Just seems like public health officials, like urban planners, have "get ignored by greedy, ignorant people with influence" as part of the job description.
It was the Board of Governors that forced UNC to open.  UNC didn’t want to open.  Now the BOG is making each school in the UNC system open and prove that they, too, need to close.  The people on the BOG don’t have any business telling these schools what to do, they are proving that point very well.
The School of Public Health had no say in whether or not to open up. The Dean put out a statement yesterday saying as much. The faculty and staff gave their expert opinions and were promptly ignored. 91% of their classes are remote with the other 9% as hybrid that will most likely he changed to remote as well. BOG doesn’t give a shit what the public health experts have to say.
The Board of Governors required this of all system institutions. Individual campuses didn’t have a choice.
That's the difference between theory and application. :) It's one thing to design an aircraft, quite another to hop in an untested one and take it for a spin.
They've never been the best, very good, though!
Thank gods they don't have an entire department for...... Public Health.  The UNC leadership are legitimate morons and need fired. There's no way the Department heads said it was ok to open classes.
And to get all of that tuition money
Football but even more importantly, basketball at least for UNC.
Can’t wait for classes to be cancelled in two weeks!
Seriously.  Also, the way things are going, there is a really decent chance you won’t need that housing in the spring either.
hope your sister stays safe-cases will definitely rise if HPU is still having 'derby day'
I work at HPU, derby day was quietly canceled, as far as i understand. Still not great to be doing in-person classes, but we will see how long it lasts.
UNC student here, the university definitely wanted to send us online. Our chancellor said that the case numbers might force them to completely modify their plans during a Q&A at a rotary club meeting. The following morning, the BoG releases a statement saying that they had the ultimate authority on these decisions. Next business day, the chancellor’s office did a 180 and had a newfound sense of optimism. Should Guskiewicz have made a public stand? Absolutely, but I can’t pin this on the administration when they were clearly forced to do this by political appointees behind closed doors.
What about middle aged people?
lol, I was thinking the same thing.  Everybody needs to be wearing one.
They expected the worst. The Board of Governors wouldn't let them (or any other school)close.
The dean of the school of public health had already come out against the decision to open and all classes in public health were already online.
The Board of Governors required this of all system institutions. Individual campuses didn’t have a choice.
Well how are they supposed to get that tuition money? And the rent for campus living.
That's like nationally ranked, I think. /s
Woah woah woah. If you’re going to call for someone being fired from their job you should cite correct reasons. They aren’t incompetent. They did this for the money.
You mean non refundable room and board money.  Tuition money would be collected even if the students were online only from the start.
Well, haven’t some reports suggested schools and conferences may hold off on trying to tip off hoops until after Christmas?
>they were clearly forced to do this by political appointees behind closed doors  this sums up pretty much every interaction between UNC and the BOG, and was exactly what I suspected about this situation as well.  you would have to be a complete moron to think in-person was going to be sustainable, and the morons have consistently been on the BOG side of things.
Fuck ‘em
That's fair, some old people are a bit too busy throwing tantrums over masks and their "racial superiority" to be planning keggers right now.
To own the libs?
Not surprised, that's great to hear. The BoG are mentally deficient.
Well that and they didn't make the decision. It was the NC Board of Governors which said that none of the 16 schools could close.
No. They didn't do it for the money. Figure out who actually made the decision before you form a pitchfork brigade.   This was Board of Governors mandated, and the schools were not resourced to do this safely (may have been truly impossible to do safely with everyone returning to campus)
They are refunding room and board.
I haven’t heard but it would make sense if they went that way.
I mean, this is the same BOG that tried to quietly shuffle Silent Sam off to an UNC-unaffiliated confederate group along with a million dollars for 'maintenance'...
Those are the facts. I can't speak to their reasoning, only speculate.
Bunch of greedy bastards
Absolutely
Same folks that tried to sell (sorry, actually give and gift money to maintain and house) Silent Sam to Confederate apologists.
Only for the next 3 days.  Iirc the deadline is thursday to apply.
And the same BOG who strong-armed the previous chancellor out 1 day after she had Sam's pedestal removed (because it was a constant watch problem for the city by the point).  A *pedestal*.

130 more Chapel Hill students infected with COVID-19. UNC moves all classes online.

Statement of the board: We are extremely shocked and baffled that this has happened.   Rest of us: Really bitch? Really?
I really, really don't get how UNC--or any school really these days--could have opened their doors. It's like telling someone not to drop a rock on their foot because it's going to hurt and "Ow!"
If only someone could have seen this coming.
If only we could have known a month ago what we knew a month ago!
It’s only a matter of time before all colleges go online. As a student myself, not at unc, but another unc system school, I encourage moving online. Getting the full “college experience” isn’t worth spreading a virus that the nation itself can’t control.
They opened because they wanted that tuition money, knowing this would happen and they could go to online after they cashed the checks.
> Getting the full “college experience  For a lot or most people, you don't *need* the full college experience anyways. A 2+2 transfer program from a community college, will save you a ton of money in student loans and the like. You can still get plenty of networking done and other career/education things from your last two years of your 4 year program.
they were getting full tuition money either way.  One of the student gripes was that even if they were full online they would still have to pay the same tuition
Yes! That’s what I did and highly encourage it. I’ve honestly enjoyed my time at a community college than I have at university. The teachers actually get to know you and you get to know them cause of smaller class sizes, the fellow classmates are all there because they want an education, not to party.

New grant program designed to help NC Small Businesses impacted by COVID-19. Accepting applications through September 1st.

God fucking dammit. I can’t keep employees on payroll. Our industry is completely shut down. There are no concerts. This doesn’t help
Genuine question, what would help?   Unfortunately even if there were concerts right now, I don't think many people would even go to them.   I like what some countries have done and basically put up outdoor box seats for everyone so they could have a concert going experience, but that seems quite expensive and no way would it come close to pre-COVID revenues.   I absolutely love going to concerts, but I honestly can say there is no way I will be going to one for the next 6-12 months until COVID is under control.
getting out of phase 2 would help. Those outdoor shows you are seeing are not going to work because the expense is too high.  We need some kind of relief. Rent relief? Lease payment relief? actual low interest loans? I don't know, SOMETHING! We have $9000/month overhead Those bills have not stopped coming in, but the shows have stopped. We have burned through our 6 month emergency fund. The SBA loan will carry us into the spring, but then we will be starting to pay it back so our monthly expenses increase to $10,000/month. All of these grants and loans to keep people on payroll only do one thing...keep people off of unemployment. There is no work for them to do and it doesn't pay our bills. The government isn't letting us work. We have been very careful to stay out of debt and now we are in debt through no fault of our own.  and on the personal side I could lose my house at the end of the year if something doesn't change.
I feel ya. I've lost about 1/3 of my income this year from my gigs as a musician. The entertainment industry has been particularly screwed over hard, from venues to caterers, photographers, entertainers...it sucks bad.

Duke University investigating seven covid 19 cases where school rules broken by students.

Will any colleges still be in person by Labor Day at this rate?
Yea colleges, trying to herd tens of thousands of students into perfect compliance is a reasonable idea. Do your “investigation” but definitely don’t look in the mirror for people doing stupid things.
an outbreak at duke is bad news once all the students have to be sent back home to new jersey
No way.
No, and it’s best if their not. A three day weekend for kids to go/do whatever they want, is a recipe for disaster
Liberty, for one.
Those students and teachers were in danger anyways. Why blame the students for speeding up the process? They’re the one that gave the kids the idea that it was safe enough to return to school, why would they not party?
Does this get posted every time there's Duke news? NC is the most common home state for Duke students, so them getting sent home would be worse for here than for NJ. Not to mention the inevitable spillover into Durham
Kind of like when Cooper opened up phase 2 the Friday of Memorial Day. We really paid for that one.
I'm pretty tired of this joke too, I'm a Duke grad from NC and I've gotten enough smug comments suggesting I'm not really part of this state over the years  As you said we have more students from NC than any other state, granted the student body is mostly out of staters, but the institution is a huge part of the fabric of this state regardless  About 3-4 pct of our student body is actually from NJ, but the "I hate Duke" people toss around this trope because it smacks of the whole "Yankees are bad" thing and NJ has been a punching bag for most of the country for lord knows how long  In any event meeting other people from around the country while I was a college student was good for my personal development, I grew up in a very rural part of NC and going to Duke exposed me to tons of stuff I wouldn't have seen otherwise  Thanks for pointing this out.
That’s the thing, the unc system had already made their decision to go ahead with the fall semester before Memorial Day. Mid May we had about 10k cases, so I guess the school system thought it wouldn’t be bad here or just go away by the time fall semester started. Then things got worse and they realized they’d get screwed out of money if schools started online. So here we are, going to school for just enough time for checks to clear and being sent home
Yeah, seeing the budgets the UNC system sent out, it's going to be a nightmare for anyone that works there if they can't manage to figure out how to get kids in classes.
It sucks, but you can’t put dollars over safety. It may take some time to recover financially but you don’t wanna have outbreaks at every campus before you decide it’s unsafe
Unfortunately, the UNC system clearly disagrees with that.
Yep, and that’s why they’d wait just long enough for the refund period to pass before sending us home

Appalachian State identifies 11 COVID-19 cases on football team

App State's numbers are disproportionately high in the UNC system, that's even with UNC-CH shitting the bed recently.
If anybody pays any attention to this, it’ll be a PR nightmare. The quarterback is on Twitter claiming that football players are safer in their facilities than any other student on campus.  That begs the question, why are football players are receiving healthcare not available to other students?   Appalachian football is popular, but students still have to pay $1,000 a year to support it. They’re paying the university to provide care to football players and they don’t get it.
I'd really prefer it if my alma maters stopped showing up in the news.
hope all the best for everyone involved.....would hate to be away from child that long and them sick
How in the world did that happen? Oh wait scientists said it would - why didn’t we listen?
*Shocked*
“there is no ‘I’ in team, but there is an ‘I’ in pie. And there's an ‘i’ in meat pie. Meat is the anagram of team”
There's no I in team
Appalachian State's COVID19 numbers are hot hot hot.  I'll see myself out...
what app state is higher than the rest of the UNC system? Just drive by the soccer field at UNC at 5-6pm and then read your statement again. while I imagine app is bad, but ECU, State have more students and known for partying. The reports are slowly trickling in, expect more before the end of the week and next. They want your housing money at any cost.
>The quarterback is on Twitter claiming that football players are safer in their facilities than any other student on campus  Everyone knows the university cares more about keeping student athletes safe than regular students but Thomas publicly saying it on Twitter is a real bad look.
This goes for just about any school with an athletic program. Athletics brings in money to the schools so of course it’s protect the product at the cost of others. The NCAA has testing standards, so if schools want to still compete in the fall, they have to provide most of the health resources to the athletes but still have just enough for the rest of the student population to say that they’re trying.
Right? And for some bigot shit too. That’s the last thing I’d expect. This new admin is fucking up.
But there are 5 in Individual Brilliance
At App the same bowl gets passed around to half the student body, haha.
UNC-CH is refunding housing money, short a pro-rated occupancy from 8/8-8/25. I imagine most UNC campuses will follow a similar policy.
I don’t think you understood my point.  Most college athletics programs aren’t profitable. They typically rely on fees paid by students to subsidize their programs.
>Athletics brings in money to the schools so of course it’s protect the product at the cost of others.  only about 20 division 1 programs actually turn a profit
I saw on NC Policy Watch that App's faculty voted No Confidence in the Chancellor.
True Not meant for/to  you, but I remember seeing there are three u's in shut the fuck up. Meant to be funny not personal and definitely not mean.
Sure they will refund, but the true intentions of why App and other public universities even attempted to reopen is clearly there. Colleges are on a cash burn and willing to do what it takes to secure money, even if they have to refund you, Im sure it will not be in a timely fashion.   Loving the downvotes, keep it up.   I’ve been driving past UNC and seeing the soccer fields filled with people - no masks , no social distancing for the last two months. Did they actually expect college kids to follow these guidelines?  Don’t expect to live the true college experience until a vaccine is proven. I feel bad for you guys, first year at app was the infamous 07 season and it’s a shame you have to experience Boone Town under such shitty circumstances.
I’m fully aware of that, but as a college student myself, you just kinda accept that athletes especially those that play football and basketball get special treatment that the rest of the student body doesn’t get
I realize that, but if I’m not mistaken, I believe app state made a slight profit off football last year. It just all kinda boils down to colleges view athletes as unpaid employees rather than student athletes
Dude.. it’s not about business profits it’s about donors.  Rich dudes are more likely to donate to a solid athletics program.  That money goes through administration not athletics so it won’t show a profit.  Who do you think the chancellors entertain in their boxes?
Yea my buddy is going there and told me about that.
I think that most colleges understand that the college experience is probably the number 1 reason that most people go, and that the education that they provide, by itself, is not really worth the insane price tag.  And you were never going to get college kids, for whom this disease poses no serious danger, to throw away one of those four years (and, at this rate, maybe more) just so that they can live as essential prisoners in their dorms.
Freshman year for me was Fall 2006. What a great time to be alive and in college
Thank god someone said it. Really was the plan to shutdown if there was any COVID after the school reopen?! People wouldnt have signed leases if they knew it was all online so they had to pretend it would be a normal semester.
the schools still lose money on sports even accounting for outside donations
Absolutely, the chancellor here at wcu just sent out an email saying that if we want to preserve the college experience, we must not have large gatherings or parties this weekend. Never mentioned education, just the residential experience. But unfortunately the college experience for a lot of kids means large parties, so it’s very wishful thinking on the chancellors part
If you paid housing fees, I wouldn’t be surprised if you didn’t see that money refunded till the end of the year. Cash grab from the universities, they’re going to do their best to survive with zero revenue from all their cash streams.

Daily Updates with New Local Jobs from North Carolina and Remote Opportunities for Those Who Are Looking for an Opportunity Due to Covid -19

Awesome, thanks!
Removed: rule 6  Repeated spam will be met with a permanent ban.
Happy to help, cheers.
Yes we are spamming to have everybody working lol...
You don't get an exemption because you think you're doing something worthwhile.  You get [exactly the same treatment as everyone else](https://www.reddit.com/r/NorthCarolina/wiki/spamguide).  Do it again and you will be banned.

COVID-19 cluster at ECU involves 17-18 cases, health director says :: WRAL.com


COVID-19 cases rising again in NC, passing 2,000 new cases for first time in weeks

Opening schools was a mistake- might have to wait for a vaccine.
Current projections are 300,000 dead Americans by the end of the year.  After awhile, it's just numbers, devoid of emotion.
Someone show that to the senator that posts on here.
For me there's too much information. I've grown into a position of not knowing what information can be trusted. One source says up, one says down. One says masks, the other no masks, the other say masks don't do shit. My County's Health Director WILL NOT give us information other than the overall numbers. We have to rely on the States website that shows info by Zip Code to find out how the virus is spread out in our County. He doesn't say we have X number of active cases, he just says our total has now risen to Z, up from Y.      I'm an "essential" worker, so the pandemic hasn't affected me in the slightest, other than the mask. I do more online shopping. More ordering on apps. The introvert in me actually is thriving during this, bc I've been social distancing since I was a kid. Where does it stop? I think the mask slows the spread, but it won't stop it. We're killing mom & pop businesses, while the big box places thrive. I just have so many questions, that don't have a good or trustworthy answer. This has quickly become, for me, the most confusing issue I've lived through.
We must close all schools and continue with the agenda
Back on the Covid Yo-yo again. This needs to be a country song.
Apocryphal, I think, but often attributed to Stalin: "A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic."
Med Cram has a lot of info, I recommend videos 59(really good one on preventatives), 63(how the virus causes damage), 65, 74, 78(masks), 98, etc. I recommend looking through the titles and see what other questions you have that may be answered. Lots of easy to understand diagrams.   https://www.youtube.com/c/Medcram/videos  It amazes me too how the american big shot leaders have been doing almost nothing to inform the public.
The main sources of information that has helped me is listening to a bunch of the npr podcasts. They often interview experts in their field and give context to information.  They are a trusted source information. They have podcasts on the economy and the virus and also talk a lot about how the two intermix, and really deep dive on the information.  Also, since science is still trying to figure out a lot about this virus (just takes time), it might be best to err on the side of caution with our behaviors.
Cases are up, wear a mask. There, you have the facts .
Which agenda? "15 days to slow the spread? " Or endless lockdowns with no exit strategy?  Does anyone think maybe the increased "cases" has anything to do with the surge in tests being done as young people return to school and college?  Two weeks ago we had a near record-number of tests done for the state.  [https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/north-carolina-coronavirus-cases-maps-graphs-live-updates/19010016/](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/north-carolina-coronavirus-cases-maps-graphs-live-updates/19010016/)  Run a surge of tests and a few days later you get a surge of positive test results. The percentage of positive tests has remained flat.  How long does it take to get results back, recorded, tallied and reported? It isn't instant. In other words, these "cases" didn't all come back positive today.
Yes, It does.
Says someone who’s never gotten a flu vaccine
9/11 was a tragedy.  CV19 is an inconvenience
My point was to get someone to link his account. I’m not well versed in reddit features.   Relax. What are you talking about? No one mentioned anything you spouted off there.
But then you have reports that masks don’t work as well as thought. Like I said, too much conflicting info.
Except both hospitalization rate and positive test rates are still holding steady, or going up.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard  https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/testing/individual-states/north-carolina
Lol...you got so triggered.  I have a mask you can wear, little one.
WTF are you going on about? The simple and layman's measure is to get percent positive tests under 5% for two weeks. NC has has a single day since May where that has happened.   So keep testing and keep getting people to wear a mask you all will wear masks that much longer.
It worked great for me this year, my mom was in bed for almost a week while all i got was a sore throat for half a day.
/r/ links to a subreddit  /u/ links to a username
You mean your body produced such a great antibody response that you had a fever and some achiness? Or did you take it too late in the season and got exposed to the flu before the 3 week immunoresponse suggested for effectiveness? Or did you get it in August when the CDC and most doctors recommend getting it in October? Have you ever had the flu? I mean, full blown, in bed for 5 days, 102+ fever, sweaty and cold at the same time, terrible cough, possibly diarrhea and vomiting flu? Yeah, I never got the flu shot as a kid, and I had the flu every year. The achiness and slight fever for one or two days ain't got nothing on that full blown flu.
The full blown flu is hell. I was sick as a dog for 7 days, then 7 additional days of recovery. Now I get the flu shot.

UNC identifies 2 more COVID-19 clusters in student housing :: WRAL.com

Of course. And now NC's COVID numbers have spiked again. Wiped out a full month of downward trend.
And next up on the $$$ altar. UNC athletes as they prepare ( I heard) to go forward with football season. I can’t quite imagine what that would look like.
“Another student expressed anxiety about being stuck on campus while they await results – during which time they'd have to keep paying for their student housing.” What a sh*t system - transport a potentially deadly virus to your grandparents or pay real money to possibly be exposed to the virus while they wait to find out if they already have it.
boom boom, covid went adpi
its ok everyone....UNC-CH will still have basketball season!!! its a shame that public universities can do everything BUT teah face to face with students......BUT WE GET BASKETBALL!!!!!!!
Oh no, they'll get the sniffles.
I was just thinking the same thing, and right on time for children to go back to school.
This is what pisses me off the most. When it was clear that in person classes and bringing thousands of 18-22 year olds back to campus was a bad idea, they did it anyway. This new spike will be used to keep us in Phase II indefinitely when hospitalizations are under 1000 for the first time in a while.
Maybe they should have got a clue this prolly would happen and take a gap semester and travel or work or volunteer work or do online.   Not gonna feel sorry for them when it clear to so many this would happen and they walked right into it eyes wide open.
Let me know if you want to come take a tour and meet some of the COViD patients in the hospital. You can tell them it's just the sniffles and they're being dramatic. It might be hard to hear you over the 24/7 ventilator. I'll even let you share their water to prove a point, since you're a big brave boy with his big boy pampers who's not afraid of no sniffles. Say hi to Herman Cain for me :P
Wait, you’re solely blaming the students here and not also the administration, or even in some cases parents who would have pressured their students to return?  Of course the students have some culpability - after all, they’re not children. But they’re not adults either. The adolescent brain is underdeveloped, and it’s decision making abilities are impaired at best.   This isn’t a simple “right or wrong” these young people were faced with. It wasn’t a choice whether to shoplift, murder, or hurt a puppy. This was a complex decision that has been difficult for even the most rational adult brains to handle.   Travel is currently impaired by the pandemic. Work and even volunteer opportunities are limited. Online should have been offered as the main option except in limited circumstances. But it wasn’t, so who are they to question when the powers that be seemingly say that in person classes are a safe option?  Yes, they have some culpability. But to fully lay the blame on them when there is plenty to go around is ignorant and heartless.
Sure, are they healthy college kids from UNC or are you conflating the different age groups as if they are at the exact same risk?
> Of course the students have some culpability - after all, they’re not children. But they’re not adults either.  We are talking about over 18 college students right? aduts.   They made the choice all on thier own. Did they face pressure from mom and dad?  maybe maybe not but at the end of the day the student has to take responsibility for the choices they freeely make. Nobody was gonna come snatch them up and make them go to college. They deciced the risk was worth it.     "The adolescent brain is underdeveloped, and it’s decision making abilities are impaired at best."   Are you saying those 18 year lds are not mature enough to make adult choices?  Should we let them vote? sign contracts?  join the armed forces?   The freedoms of being an adult come with being able to accept that the choices one makes are thiers and thiers alone and at the end of the day it is on them as an over 18 adult to make good choices and i sure in the hell dont have to feel sorry for them when they screw up.
The problem is that “healthy college kids” with COVID will spread it to older people, who will die from it. Plus, even if you recover, you’re stuck with lifelong respiratory damage.   I’m not sure what point you’re trying to make. Are you saying it doesn’t matter? Maybe you can help me understand.
No, I’m saying that science has shown that the brain isn’t fully formed until we’re 25, and that individuals of that age deserve a little understanding. Were all your decisions at 18 perfectly thought out and executed?  Again, I didn’t say they had **no** responsibility in this. Yes, they could have made different and better choices. But it is up to us as the older generations to help guide them in those choices, and the administration of UNC failed at this task, and so is at least just as culpable as the students themselves.   At the very least, the administration should have seen this coming.
I understand that 20 year olds can spread it to older folks like their parents and grandparents, but the article is about the students living in student housing, so they aren't seeing older folks.  As far as getting lifelong respiratory damage, I've not heard that being take about once. Besides, how can you assume the damage will be lifelong for recovered patients when this virus has only been around for less than a year?
Yes, because the only people that step foot on campus are 20 years old. Not one single other age group to be found. Jesus fucking christ.
The vast majority are young adults. Yes.
You said they aren’t seeing older folks. You’re wrong.

Gov. Roy Cooper extends Phase Two of coronavirus restrictions in North Carolina

The number of people complaining about no gym and trying to game the system by getting a doctor's note is pretty telling about why we're still here in phase 2.  **Everyone** needs to avoid crowds, large gatherings, and wear a mask. Nobody is an exception.  Edit: Of course I'm immediately downvoted. One of the biggest problems we have is that a lot of people are saying "everyone stay home and wear a mask... except me... I live alone/am careful/am young/am special/whatever, so I should be able to go to the gym/bar/parties/etc."  Until everyone actually takes this seriously, people will keep dying and things won't get any better.
I’m all for this, but it’s time for the state or fed to start paying monthly wages to businesses that cannot open and individuals that cannot work
It puts the mask on its face, or it gets phase 1 again.
5 more weeks
This is entirely on all of us, if we'd socially distance, wear our masks, and generally not be stupid. 30% of the population just doesn't think that this is serious and they're fucking the rest of us... and we're letting it happen.
Thank goodness we have an awesome governor! Without Cooper’s guidance, our state would definitely be looking like Georgia. I know many people don’t like this extension, but *please* remember that Cooper is putting human lives over politics. He certainly has my vote.
I am good with this but those in the fitness industry need assistant through unemployment benefits for this entire time.  With the fed not agreeing to anything then the state needs to extend and increase benefits ASAP.
Phase 2 Safer at Home has been extended for another 5 weeks.   However, numbers are starting to improve, and hopefully will keep doing so if people wear masks, stay 6ft apart and wash their hands.
My family and friends in France are living a **nearly normal life** now, but for this to be possible:  - they spent 2 months in an extremely strict confinement (you're fined if you're 1+ km from your house or don't have a written certificate) - they still have to wear masks indoor today  It's not rocket science. We could be there by doing the right thing, but now our economy will suffer even more because we keep dragging it due to so many people half-assing it. It's their fault that more people will die and get sick, but also their fault that businesses (and people's lives) will continue to be impacted so badly. Maddening.
A lot of privileged whining in this thread. Just work out at home, it's not a big deal. I've been doing workouts in my tiny ass bedroom as not to piss off my roommates. I bought some adjustable dumbells from a thrift store, and it works, it just takes more effort to learn to get a good workout from them.
Cooper gave explicit instructions on how to get to phase 3, you maskless morons didn't listen, and now you bitch.
I understand the decision, I get that the data is showing a leveling and not a clear decline going into schools reopening... But goddamn I want to go to the gym. Five more weeks feels like a death sentence for the businesses that aren't still open given the lack of federal assistance, too.
Honestly I don’t care and I used to go to the gym daily.  I’ve just gotten more creative with how and when I work out.  Learned pretty quickly that you don’t need a machine to stay fit.
Coop!
Hold up are gyms supposed to be closed?
They should just start fining people who aren’t wearing a mask. That’ll solve things pretty quickly.
This is great news :) 👍
I commented this a million times, if you take out gyms then you have to stop school, this logic is stupid.
This guy is a dumbass
Unfortunate. No gym is taking a serious toll on my mental health
The county I’m in is giving a choice between remote learning and hybrid, but hybrid is only happens if re-evaluation is good on 9/1 and it’d begin on 9/08 (if I remember correctly). I’ll be going to college in SC and my teacher cancelled her class to make it online. My friend teaches in SC and they’re doing hybrid up until Labor Day, and then seeing what to do from there.   The amount of deaths is beyond disastrous and only going to get worse if we don’t take the necessary precautions. If people are going to continue to do their own things when it’s not necessary, it could last another 2 years. That’s only my opinion, though.
Just copying my comment from another thread:  At this point, all this does is ensure that more local businesses will be shut down permanently and more people will be out of work and have nothing to look forward to. We flattened the curve, realized it's not anywhere close to as deadly as we thought it was going to be, and we have nothing to show for it. Just more delays and restrictions to delay the inevitable. I get that he's in a lose-lose situation but he keeps picking the option that hurts more people. More lives will be ruined by all of these businesses shutting down for good than moving on to phase 3. We're talking unemployment, homelessness, families broken up, starvation, depression/suicides, mental trauma from living in a constant state of fear. This impact is far more of a ripple effect. Know why New York has so little cases now? Because basically everyone got it in the initial months. Herd immunity is a real thing.  Edit: As a quick note the mortality rate in NC is 1.5%. 126,532 cases, 1982 deaths. That's in a population of 10.49 million.
This is batshit insane.
[Anytime I see someone fucking complain about COVID](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCmcL-jI7Lw)
Five weeks is way too long. I’m sorry it just is. The numbers are starting to go down, maybe waiting a week or two is smart but five weeks is an awfully long time.
This is really just absurd. The virus is not going to go away, it won’t die out, it will remain, and as long as it’s here and people are here, it will spread. We can and should take actions to ensure anyone who is in an at-risk population remain safe, but to keep everything in a state of limbo because of the false premise that this virus treats everyone across all age groups and all conditions equally is politically and socially irresponsible.
Hate this guy beyond words.
Vote Dan Forest <3
Time for a new governor!
Fuck this guy! He's a HORRIBLE governor! He has ruined so many people's lives and hurt so many business with his tyrannical decisions. He's drunk on power. I can't wait to vote him out!
I hear a lot of folks complaining in this post. Which is fine and all, but if you really want to enact change, make sure you vote Dan Forest for governor on November 3rd!  Reopen NC!
This.  Heard a dude talking about this the other day. Guy was friggen bragging about how he and all of his gym friends got permission to use the gym by lying and then he bragged about how nobody at his gym wears a mask.  Fuck that.
Have my upvote because you're 100% correct
If people can be responsible and social distance, gyms could be fine. Or at least as fine as the throngs of people at Walmarts. There’s no reason that with proper precautions and sanitation at gyms they couldn’t be fine to be open.   There’s a lot of workouts that simply can’t be done outside of a gym without proper equipment
Well he decided school should start which is my major problem. Why put these restrictions in and have people go to school, it is stupid logic.
I had new truck money, new house money, and new boat money saved up.  I got shit now.  This is crazy, and I actually had savings to float me.
The bill has been sitting in the Senate for months. Thank you, Grim Reaper "Moscow" Mitch McConnell.
NC doesn't have that money. But the FED sure does :) And they haven't done anything with it.
I miss phase 1 traffic
Yep. Through Labor Day now. Wow, wasn't quite expecting that.
They're fucking themselves.  Corona virus is now predominantly a red state, anti-intellectual, anti-science, angry right-winger problem.  Just before an important election.  If that population wants to sign up for a culling, hospital stays with massive treatment debt, and life-shortening medical complications... let them give me that gift.
It's going to happen no matter what. The great news is deaths are down 90%, the virus is mutating and becoming less dangerous.
FFS. We did! From mid-March until late-May damn near everyone, even people who opposed the lockdowns, obeyed the stay at home order and broadly did what they were asked to do. Go to the Charlotte subreddit from that time and check out some of the traffic pics from back then.  The widescale disobedience only happened once our politicians decided that 10 people at a sports bar was verboten while 10 thousand people burning down a sports bar is A-Okay. Everyone took this seriously until the people in charge decided that it wasn't politically convenient for them to take it seriously.  And make no mistake, I supported the BLM protests. I just also support the rights of everyone to gather in public, whether I agree with their message and actions or not.
100% agreed!
One shudders thinking if McCrory had won
Definitely
I agree. I am so glad we have a competent governor.
We're sort of stuck in a Groundhog Day at this point. There will be no point where the positivity rate gets to < 5% if they continue to do concentrated hotspot testing at places like congregate living facilities and meat packing plants. I understand that those are part of the State but it's different than General Pop and shouldn't dictate the plan for the State.
I’m came to Korea a couple weeks ago because I was so tired of all of America’s entitlement and “freedom” and the difference is night and day.   I had to quarantine at a government facility for the first 14 days but outside of that, everything is pretty much normal. Everyone just wears face masks because they care about other people here. It makes me upset because this could have been America too if we just wore masks in the beginning. population density is so much higher here in Korea and they still managed to get this under control.
maybe the US and EU are just different. For example EU nations (smaller than many states) can shut down borders, the US can not.
But muh freedumbs
Sweden is living normal now and didn't even do lockdowns. You've all been had.
Yes, but I'm concerned that the indoor rock climbing gym I used to frequent my go bankrupt after not being able to operate for 5 months.  Edit: a typo
I don’t agree with gyms being closed simply because  people still go back to school. I don’t understand the point if people are going back to school. It is simply terrible logic
I feel like this should be said more often to more people.
But we are still going back to school. Ok buddy🤔
Not going to the gym for the past 4+ months (can't believe it's been that long) has been hell. Another month of this is awful.
Come to my part of the state. Plenty of our gyms are open thanks to local law enforcement refusing to enforce the order. Sorry, I know we're definitely part of the problem. (For the record, I don't go to any establishments that are supposed to be closed).
Try to get a doctor’s note. I did that and can now go back. Sucks that it won’t be open on my university but it is what it is.
I hear you can workout like so many of the rest of us outside.   Your excuse is as poor as saying "no strip clubs is taking a serious toll on my mental health".   And before you go off on some tangent about how gyms are good for mental health, studies have shown [outdoors exercise](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/es102947t) is actually far better for mental health.
Just go find one that is open and sign up. Many gyms are open now and the order is really only keeping the large chains closed.
NYC is sitting around 40-50% infected in the worst zip codes but largely is significantly less than that. It’s not anywhere near herd immunity.
>We flattened the curve,  We really didn't. We never reached the CDC or WHO recommendations.  > realized it's not anywhere close to as deadly as we thought it was going to be  1,200 people are dying every day, and countless more are left with life-long health problems. That's a 9/11 attack every 2 days.  >, and we have nothing to show for it  It's hardest to see things that didn't happen.   >More lives will be ruined by all of these businesses shutting down for good than moving on to phase 3.   Talk about getting government support and funding for families and small businesses that need help instead of suggesting sacrificing people's family members so that some companies don't lose money.  >We're talking unemployment, homelessness, families broken up, starvation, depression/suicides, mental trauma from living in a constant state of fear.   Sounds like a really strong argument for universal healthcare and social support systems that don't rely on personal income or employment to have access to.  >This impact is far more of a ripple effect. Know why New York has so little cases now? Because basically everyone got it in the initial months. Herd immunity is a real thing.  This is not how herd immunity works and it is not the reason that New York is doing better.
"Going for Herd Immunity" is incredibly stupid and won't work. Antibodies might not even last long enough for it to ever develop and casualties would be in the millions across the nation. It's also very likely to overwhelm ICUs and lead to a much, much higher mortality rate than we're presently experiencing. (expert source: [https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/from-our-experts/early-herd-immunity-against-covid-19-a-dangerous-misconception](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/from-our-experts/early-herd-immunity-against-covid-19-a-dangerous-misconception))  NY has gotten cases under control because they have better mask compliance and even more business restrictions in place than NC, including a travel quarantine.   I own a small business that's been partly shut down this whole time. I know the pain it's causing. But we need to understand it's the \*pandemic\* causing this damage, not the response to try to control it.
Batshit insane is people refusing to wear masks and thinking COVID is magically going to go away while they act like everything is 'fine'.
This is a smart and reasoned response to a global pandemic.
Rum ham!
It's 100% because they're anticipating a massive spike from schools and universities opening. Almost like they maybe should have been remote.
There will be a spike in 2-3 weeks as schools start reopening (which we do not need to compound by starting an unrelated spike now) and then another inevitable spike in 4 weeks for Labor Day weekend. It sounded like they had conceded that the schools were being opened, by the tone of the thing, so they're trying to minimize everything else.
Its clear at this point he wants to extend it to the end of the year but wont say it. It kills me that people can crowd up at stores, restaurants, and public areas, but a gym, which sees less foot traffic during the day than any of those other places, remain closed? NC's precious breweries can be open but not bars? These moves are only being done to appease the hystericals. We'll see if they bother voting for him when the time comes because he wont be seeing my vote. Either close down everything or dont.
People of all ages can be affected by Covid-19. People of all ages have died from Covid-19.  Just because you don't die, doesn't mean you won't have permanent effects that hurt your quality of life.  People of all ages can and do spread the virus to at-risk populations.   One group of people in America is not better or more important than another. More at-risk people shouldn't have to be afraid of getting their medications or going shopping because 'some people are less at risk and should get to do whatever they want.'  Over 1,000 people a day are dying in the U.S. Just to clarify, that's the equivalent of a 9/11 attack **every 2 days**.
How did it work in other countries though? Why was South Korea able to deal with this and so many other Asian countries. Our ass is being kicked by something other countries have dealt with months ago, it's pathetic. Lockdowns worked for them, they aren't working for us because we suck at compliance and sanitation. Between protests and people refusing to wear masks, schools opening up, etc that is why it's spreading. If you think this sucks go be mad at the people willingly spreading this.  It's not inevitable. It can be contained. South Korea which surged before us is only at 14k cases and only 302 deaths. Our state alone is worse off than a country with cities that dwarf ours.
Um..  Gyms are places where people breathe heavily, sweat, and come into contact with a significant number of high-touch surfaces. Gyms are not essential.  Wal-Mart is a place where people go to buy food, medication, and household items so they don't starve or die. Grocery stores are essential.  Over 1,000 people are dying in the U.S. every day.  You would think that people would be adult enough to realize that gyms aren't a great idea.
If you want to be a corona haven like GA, sure.
Don't worry, I will, and he'll win. Reddit doesn't reflect the real NC
I would rather roll in a bunch of used COVID masks than vote for that cretin.
It’s like people see Florida and go “I wish this we were like that”
How many American deaths will be enough for you American Taliban types? 165,000 dead Americans is just the beginning, and you're cheering for more! When did you turn against the U.S.A.?
yeah so glad that I'm social distancing, wearing a mask, and washing my hands so he can live freely and pretend there is no pandemic.
Aerosolization is the real issue. And there’s no practical solution for that right now, unfortunately.
>If people can be responsible and social distance, gyms could be fine.   And if your aunt had testicles, she'd be your uncle.
But people aren't responsible and they don't social distance. That's why this is the third time we've delayed phase 2
I mean, if your workout at the gym doesn’t involve breathing more heavily than when you’re at Walmart, it’s just as safe.  But then you could just walk the aisles at Walmart.   It’s the deep breathing, like singing and *doing excercise* that are the problem.
25% capacity, 10% capacity is better than 0% capacity. Let them make money. I have been to a few gyms outside of NC and social distancing was in effect. They has every other cardio machine blocked off or moved to the bball court or group fitness room. Tape on the floor to mark areas for benched with space in between.
I'm sorry, buddy. That's terrible. It's not fair you're getting railed for being responsible. I really hope you can build it back up even faster after this blows over. 😕
BoatyMcBoatface does not need a new boat anyways
Did you not read what was actually in the bill that was passed by the House in May? It was loaded full of shit and they want the GOP just to swallow that shit
That bill was shite. Legendary pork.
I miss phase 1 unemployment
Unfortunately, with what federal aid we had expiring, and spikes in rural areas, it's certainly not going to ease up any sooner than that. May as well rip off the band-aid; we're in for the long haul.
Where do we think this is going? The second it started community spread I knew we’d be here for months or years or maybe the rest of my life depending on how immunity and the vaccine works. Smallpox, AIDS, Polio, Dengue, Zika, the Flu. Generations of death and misery,  even if more or less eradicated in certain counties it will still be a worldwide problem. I’m not sure any disease has this mechanism of transmission, and ease of spread. I remember in college one of my professors had said they fear a super flu the worst, well what we ended up with is a super cold with two weeks of symptom-free spread.   The longer we fail to recognize this is our new normal and design a world around it the worse the impact will be on our economy.
New York and New Jersey were still hardest hit per capita. California is bad, too. It's selection bias.
California.
Interesting account you have there bud, 10 years of nothing then a comment in /r/brasil and this one.
the virus has not mutated.  we have got better at treating it and those who are more likely to die are being more careful
That's, unfortunately, quite false. We are testing more and compared to early testing where we were testing only people that we were 100% sure had it, the percentage of diagnosed persons who are dying have fallen. However, infection rates are up, overall deaths are up, even though hospitals are better at treating it now.
Good lord, what are you reading? The Weekly World News? Any good bigfoot sightings? How's Nessie?
Or our treatment options are getting better. No conclusive evidence one way or another.
The deaths are down because some states stopped putting their positive patients back into the long term care facilities.
Found one.
There will be a spike in 2-3 weeks as schools start reopening (which we do not need to compound by starting an unrelated spike now) and then another inevitable spike in 4 weeks for Labor Day weekend. It sounded like they had conceded that the schools were being opened, by the tone of the thing, so they're trying to minimize spread everywhere else.
This is nonsense.   You're blaming high infections on testing? And you don't think that places like living facilities and meat packing plants will affect the 'general population'‽  Maybe people just, you know, start taking personal responsibility.
Why [can other states do it then](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/coronavirus-testing.html)? NY is currently at a 1% positive rate and testing more people of the population and has lower hospitalization numbers.   You have to conduct hotspot testing, and you focus on those areas as well.   Your answer is as bad as Trump saying if we don't test there are no cases.
In addition to what the other people said, Swedes are better at wearing masks and social distancing when they're recommended than Americans are when they're required.
Sweden got absolutely blasted by the virus, with death rates close to Italy and the highest unemployment in Scandinavia. It didn't help their economy either.  Most of the people who were in charge of their response say they regret it.
>You've all been had.  I agree, but your post was thankfully pretty short this time. If we wasted more time on something longer, it might have been worse.
you can't even try and compare Sweden to the US. that's just asinine.
💯 This.  I enjoy YouTube workouts but it's hard for me to understand how you can close a business down for half a year and not offer them an assistance package.
Then maybe call your representatives and vote for people who are going to provide support for small businesses and families that are struggling during the global pandemic where over one thousand Americans are dying every day.
I’m worried about that too.
Rock Box?  I share the same concern.  Although, I went to their website recently and it looks like they are operating on a very limited basis - you can call and reserve a spot to come in and climb for a bit.
What good is a doctor's note if there isn't anywhere to go? This will make SIX MONTHS since gyms were closed, but everything else,  including schools, is just fine?  Whatever.   Gyms are shut down and people still messed everything up.
Comparing the gym to a strip club is a very bad analogy. I don’t have equipment to train outside effectively considering how long I’ve been at it (6 years). I was pretty advanced before the quarantine and watching my hard work fade away is depressing. I don’t understand where the hostility in your comment is coming from and I’m not really trying to justify my mental health to a stranger online. Let’s just say the gym isn’t the only thing affecting my mental health right now, but it was a good outlet that I lost and not having it anymore definitely isn’t helping.  I’ve found other things to occupy my time now and distract me but it’s not really the same. Before you think I don’t care about the virus, I have been staying at home and wearing a mask and social distancing etc just to get this over with as fast as possible so the gym could open again. But despite those efforts the outcome is the same and of course I’m disappointed in the result.
This is the mindset will keep all of us in phase 2 for even longer.  It's all about me!!!!  /reeeeee
fyi, there is disagreement in the research community about what the threshold is for herd immunity for Covid19.  There are researchers who believe it has been reached in New York City:  https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.07.23.20160762v1
Just look at the COVID cases in New York's graph plus the claims that there have been no deaths in 3 days and tell me that there's no correlation between being infected and no repeat infections. I didn't say it had herd immunity I just said it's evidence of it's existence.
> We really didn't. We never reached the CDC or WHO recommendations.   We did flatten the curve. Many hospitals are having to layoff staff because of empty floors and rooms dedicated to COVID patients.  > 1,200 people are dying every day, and countless more are left with life-long health problems. That's a 9/11 attack every 2 days.   9/11 buzzword. It's irrelevant. Still a 1% mortality rate, many of which are people that should distance themselves instead of this mandate.  > Talk about getting government support and funding for families and small businesses that need help instead of suggesting sacrificing people's family members so that some companies don't lose money.   Okay, well that's not happening and there's basically no talk of that happening. Also, that money comes from taxpayers who are still making income. That's not feasible to last forever and the more and more it keeps getting pushed off, the less and less tax money comes in.  > Sounds like a really strong argument for universal healthcare and social support systems that don't rely on personal income or employment to have access to.   That literally has nothing to do with what i'm talking about. ALSO, in addition to my last point, those come from taxes. If more and more people are unemployed and can't pay taxes, there's no funding for these programs.  > This is not how herd immunity works and it is not the reason that New York is doing better.   There is correlation and that is how herd immunity works.  &#x200B;  No offense, but you come across as very inexperienced with the world (just going off of your proposed "solutions"). I'm a supporter of a universal healthcare system. I also know that it would fail miserably if nobody is working because there would be no funding for it. Same with the other social safety nets that you mentioned. There's no economy to generate revenue to support these and the longer we keep this up, there will be less and less as the weeks go on.
I didn't say go for herd immunity, I just said that it's effective and it's a real thing. New York adopted the mask policy WAY after everyone had been infected. Masks kind of help but you can't deny that everyone already being exposed has a bigger role unless you just want to ignore how the immune system actually works. Many ICU's and hospitals are having to cut staff because so many wards that are supposed to house COVID patients are empty.  Also, the study you linked  just stated how we would get to herd immunity, not that it is ineffective. Plus the math of that article makes no sense and the study sample seems super small. With a mortality rate of \~1% nationwide there's no way half of Americans would die by 2021. The sources are dated in late April so I'd wager that study is outdated. Like I said in my comment, either way there's going to be lives ruined. Keeping phase 2 for 5 more weeks after having everything shutdown + half capacity + (plus whatever local restrictions apply, see Mecklenburg Counties new order) will ruin more lives (see the reasons I mentioned above). The pandemic started the problem, now the response is extending and adding to the damage done.
i've been wearing masks since before it was cool so take that nonsense elsewhere.  Thinking that we can make a GLOBAL PANDEMIC go away by locking down is not supported by science or data. We aren't Video Game Madagascar and cant close the state borders. We can only manage the spread and at ~2500 estimated infections a day, we're doing a bang up job of it.
Really? Gyms have been shut down since March 18th. Look where we are now.
5 weeks is too long for an expected spike. He can roll it back if there’s a huge spike from schools. Also most schools are starting online.
Who made the decision? For that matter just close all gyms statewide PERMANENTLY.  Can't risk an outbreak ever, right?
I bet he lifts the restrictions shortly before election day.
Yes and yes. But people of all ages are not affected and not dying at the same rate. Last I saw, the average age of a person dying with COVID-19 was 80. The number of people in the US that have died under the age of 18 is in the low triple digits, in a country of 300 million people. This is not a devastating pandemic for children. The flu is more deadly to children than COVID-19 is.
The USA is fundamentally different from South Korea in terms of government, culture, and societal behavior. They had measures in place for decades before this pandemic started because of their experiences with SARS, they’re in a perpetual state of bracing for virus outbreaks. It’s part of their society in a way it isn’t for us.  You can extrapolate this, to a degree, across the world. We could compare ourselves to any country that is “doing better” with this and find plenty of reasons why it’s a false equivalence, it’s apples and oranges.  Interestingly, I don’t hear many comparisons of us to Sweden, which is equally as unlike us as any other country, but they took a closer approach to what I’m advocating for and they’re seeing a drop off across the board of deaths and infections. They never shut down,they had no mask mandate, they simply let it run its course and protected the vulnerable, and are doing rather well.   And I want to be pretty particular here- a virus at this stage spreading *is* inevitable. There’s a reason we have a flu season, a virus that we already have a vaccine for and it still doesn’t go away.
> Gyms are places where people breathe heavily, sweat, and come into contact with a significant number of high-touch surfaces.   So is Walmart.  >Gyms are not essential.  Most of the sections in Walmart are not essential and yet they're still open.
Ah crap wrong subreddit, forgot I was on r/politics little side project, my bad.
They really don’t though. McCrory should’ve never lost and the fact that he lost by less than 1% really shows Cooper was a one time fling.
The majority of people are being as safe as they can, just because the morons are louder doesnt mean there is more of them
Limit the number of people allowed in the gyms that open, crack the fucking whip on those who defy it
It also has to do with whether you're near the *same* person for 15 minutes or more.  When you're shopping, you're randomly going past people, and you're unlikely to be next to them for more than a few seconds. That's why there isn't really any recorded rise in cases from shopping, even before the mask mandate.  Gyms are different. If you're in a spin class or whatever, you're going to be next to the same person for an hour or so, building viral load. It's not much better if you're lifting, or if you're on a treadmill - the same people are around you huffing and puffing. If somebody's carrying, the viral load builds up to a certain point, and that's how you get it.  As a side note, Viral Load would be a great name for a punk band.
A good amount (though not all) of the "shit" that was in that bill was from the GOP, not the Democrats. Both parties swallowed some pills they didn't want to for the sake of getting something done fast. The house then, very quickly, made a more comprehensive bill, and passed it to the senate for review. This is how things are *supposed* to work. The senate the, should have immediately begun revising and amending the bill, and gotten it back to the house as quickly as possible. The idea, of course, is that after a few rounds of back-and-forth, most of the crud is removed, and what remains is a good bill. However, that process can't work if the senate just sits on their hands and does nothing.
I think you don't understand. This is reddit. Democrats = good, Republicans = bad.
Pure propaganda. People are losing their homes and dying on the streets.
The Democrat's bill was basically an extension of what was already passed, with some new provisions due to the extended nature of the pandemic. I would say the bill was comprehensive and considered, and should have been an excellent starting point for the senate to negotiate on.  The Republican senate literally waited until the current bill expired to even *start* considering what they wanted in a bill, and when they proposed one, it didn't cover half of what needs to be covered to deal with the pandemic, and inexplicably included a new FBI building.
I miss phase 1 in fact I'm still acting as if I was in phase one.  work from home, wear a mask in public when going out for groceries, and stay home.
But the rich men and CEOs are gonna save us! If we give them a trillion dollars they're gonna magically create a vaccine by next Tuesday!
NY and NJ are past it, look at current trends.  And they're at the top of EVERYTHING per capita because they're the wealthiest states.  Per capita is a terrible way to look at COVID, virus doesn't care if you're rich or poor, why adjust for it?
California is not a swing state.
Yes, bud, I purge comments every few weeks.  OR IS IT A VAST CONSPIRACY?!?
True
Hey buddy. I obeyed from mid-March to late-May, bitching all the way (and **correctly** claiming that Cooper would never give this power back) but still obeying. However, once the politicians locking us down started supporting protests, but only ones they agree with, they lost a good bit of public trust. You can't lie to people like that and then expect them all to believe you a week later.  At this point, it is clear that Cooper will keep us locked down as long as we allow him, and not a minute more, or less. The goalposts have moved so far on reopening that they are now just an excuse to keep his grip on power. And the tighter you squeeze your grip, the more ~~star systems~~ people will slip through your fingers.
Are many school systems reopening? I'm in Charlotte and they're doing full virtual, I know some private schools are opening though.
but people won't take personal responsibility.  have you met people?
Ok? It's great that NY State has such a low positive rate and hospitalization numbers. They also have 2x our population but 16x the deaths. My answer is pointed at the fact that 75+ age group is 6% of the cases and 57% of the deaths. They need to figure out a strategy for the State to move out of Phase II while protecting the most vulnerable.
A few notes on Sweden:  Deaths: - Admittedly, Sweden did get blasted by the virus with high case and death rates. About half the deaths were in nursing homes which the government admits should have been better protected. Despite that failure, it fared better so far than a few European neighbors, namely the UK and Italy that had lockdowns (that likely came much too late). It also fared much worse than most neighbors but keep in mind, this pandemic is not over. And now Sweden may have a slight advantage in avoiding flare-ups because of partial herd immunity. - I do doubt that Norway, Finland, etc. will catch up in deaths/population, but I do think they will continue to be as restrictive as it takes, which would be more restrictive than Sweden.  Economy: - I would not look only at the unemployment rate and conclude that it didn't even help the economy. While the unemployment rate is the highest in the Nordics, the drop in GDP was similar to the other Nordics and not as severe as the rest of the Eurozone. - Again, the pandemic isn't over, and getting a lot of cases right away (taking our medicine now, so to speak) was kind of the point of the strategy. Intuitively, we would expect that not forcing businesses to stay closed would hurt the economy less. But Sweden was probably hit hard as people got sick/afraid of getting sick. As they got their cases down, we will see if their economy will outperform.  Not saying Sweden had the right strategy, but   the strategy is meeting its goals of not overwhelming the health care system and minimizing economic restrictions. Locking down very early, widespread testing, and contact tracing definitely worked at preventing a big wave. But we still aren't sure how long the early lockdown countries need to stay locked down (another 4-12 months?) vs. Sweden that can open up more.
I found this mildly amusing, have an upvote.
We can't even try? That's too bad. I thought learning from the experiences of other countries might be helpful even if they have different demographics/climate/etc.
Dude, in Durham it's about as liberal as it gets.  Cooper is the guy who I voted for.  Are you lobbying for anther solution?
This. Thank you for this comment. We can beat this, small businesses can survive and we don’t have to put people at risk. Republicans were completely fine with a trillion dollar tax cut for the wealthy and corporations but when small businesses need it its back to we can’t afford it and look at how much debt we have.
Where do you go to usually? The Dowd has tons of equipment outside, and you can reserve swimming lanes on their app. F45 seems to be doing smaller groups, not sure how legal it is with the order. Orange Theory is doing outside classes in the parking lots. Many of the Crossfit gyms are doing similar things as well.
A lot of gyms opened provided you have a doctor’s note
Most of the people making comments like these actually believe you can pick up a couple of 10 pound dumbbells and get a serious workout, probably because they never work out so to them lifting 10lbs **is** a serious workout.  I've already maxed out the leg press machine several times at the gym, how to they think I'm going to replicate that at home? Can't do squats or bench presses without either a spotter or large expensive equipment. Metal dumbells with any serious weight are expensive as fuck and hard to find right now.
But, u/smackabottombingbong, you clearly don't understand.  People are being *moderately inconvenienced.*  Clearly it's not worth it.
No, our government will keep us in phase 2 even longer. Some people going to the gym where they can easily socially distance are not going to keep us in phase 2 longer.
Just trying to help someone who is hurting out. He can go in the early hours if he is worried about over crowding.
The user thinks that money grows on trees or that the government has an unlimited supply of cash sitting waiting to be used. With businesses closed, employees out of work, that’s a good chunk of taxes NOT being payed to help out. One option would be to RAISE taxes to those who are still working to supplement those who aren’t DUE to the government preventing businesses from opening. Another option is to print money, raise inflation and then EVERYTHING would cost more. Either way, those who are able to work will suffer.
I think you're not reading close enough because nowhere does that article say "half of Americans" would projected to die, it says half a million.   NY's mask policy is part of what got the virus under control there. They were hit hard and learned the lessons, but the idea that they have any kind of herd immunity at this point is a simply false. NY \*also\* doesn't have gyms open, since they've been identified as a high-risk category of business.   It's also not necessarily true that herd immunity is a "real thing" pertaining to COVID-19 - it probably is given what we know about similar viruses, but thats a hell of an assumption to make with so many lives in the balance. At this point the science is not certain of how long immunity lasts from someone who's infected, or what factors play the largest role in it.
> Thinking that we can make a GLOBAL PANDEMIC go away by locking down is not supported by science or data  It sure is supported by data and science. Hell even states are able to do it. New York is testing 25% more people per capita than NC and is returning a whopping 1% positive rate. That's a state with a far higher and more dense population than NC.   Michigan which is very much the same population density wise is doing a better job at controlling the virus than Michigan. And hell, let's not even bring the EU into the situation which makes the entire US look terrible.   We are smart enough to control and rid ourselves of a pandemic. Throwing our hands in the air and ignoring it is exactly why the US got as bad as it did.   So please, take your nonsense elsewhere.
What does the gym being open or not have to do with anything? Theaters are closed too.
50% of student's will be starting online. And far less than 50% of college students will be starting online.
Lots of districts are starting hybrid not fully virtual
Public schools start back in 2 weeks, on the 17th. Add another 3 for incubation and spike watching. It makes sense.
This is a caricature of an argument and I've already spent more time on it than it deserves, truly.
....you mean this Sweden?  &#x200B;  >However, on a per-capita basis, Sweden far outpaces its Scandinavian neighbors in COVID deaths, with 567 deaths per million people compared with Denmark's 106 deaths per million, Finland's 59 deaths per million, and Norway's 47 deaths per million. The Swedish figure is closer to Italy's 581 deaths per million.  &#x200B;  >"In Sweden, the strategy has led to death, grief, and suffering," they wrote. "On top of that, there are no indications that the Swedish economy has fared better than in many other countries. At the moment, we have set an example for the rest of the world on how not to deal with a deadly infectious disease."  [https://www.medpagetoday.com/infectiousdisease/covid19/87812](https://www.medpagetoday.com/infectiousdisease/covid19/87812)  &#x200B;  >The unusual strategy has attracted global criticism, with even some of Dr Tegnell's early supporters saying they now regret the approach.  &#x200B;  >Sweden's authorities never said achieving herd immunity was their goal, but they did argue that by keeping more of society open, Swedes would be more likely to develop a resistance to Covid-19.   >   >Five months into Europe's pandemic and only 6% of the population here is known to have antibodies, according to Swedish Public Health Agency research.  &#x200B;  >Despite this, various forecasts predict the Swedish economy will still shrink by about 5% this year. That's less than other countries hit hard by Covid-19 such as Italy, Spain and the UK, but still similar to the rest of Scandinavia. Sweden's unemployment rate of 9% remains the highest in the Nordics, up from 7.1% in March.  [https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-53498133](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-53498133)  &#x200B;  So... more deaths, no guaranteed immunity, economy isn't any better than the rest of Scandinavia. I don't think I would describe this as, 'rather well.'  What part of this were you praising?
Unfortunately the vocal minority can infect a large chunk of the responsible majority.
Bingo.
Businesses don't care about the rules either so they won't enforce them. Anytime someone gives a solution on how to do this or that as far as reopening that's only going to work in a perfect world where people aren't idiots. America is full of idiots
InitialInfectiousDose is the band you’re looking for.  ;-)
>>I think you don't understand. This is reality. Democrats = good, Republicans = bad.  Fixed that for you.
Oh I know I just try to provide a counter-point that I think needs to be heard. But most people only want to hear what's in their echo chamber. I have learned to roll with the punches when they have nothing critical to say except calling me a Russian bot or a Russian toady
We’re pretty much doing that, minus the work from home but because it’s not an option.
No, they're not, they're still admitting quite a few patients.
Just curious, what’s your motivation behind purging your comments every few weeks?
Please tell me what Cooper stands to gain by keeping us “locked down”.   Additionally, we’ve NEVER been locked down.
Moving the goalposts = straight out of Lt Dan Forest and the NC GOP playbook.   &#x200B;  It's almost like you live in a parallel world, where the virus is a democratic hoax, and static, never mutates, magically disappears upon command in the first week of November. Only impacts NC, doesn't impact the world. 99% of the world epidemiologists are lying. Dr Fauci and Bill Gates want to implant you with a tracking chip that lowers your sperm count to keep the population low so they can make money!
How did the goal post moove on reopening?  What were the goals to move from phase one to two and two to three and hoow have they changed?  if anything they were early on going to phase two because i dont think they hit the goals rcommended by  cdc and the white house at the time to move forward.
Yes. All of this. I obeyed from mid-March to late-May. Cooper is drunk with power and I'm done with sitting back and "obeying." I'm also sick of people blaming other people for the fact that we are still locked down. This is on Cooper. He wants us to stay locked down.
It's not just K-12 though. Colleges & universities are moving in this week.
Gaston county is reopening and doing a split week rotation from my understanding. Was voted on with only 1 person on board against it to my knowledge.
I only know what they showed during the little presentation today, but visually about half the counties had *some form* of in-person instruction planned at this time. Maybe reduced or temporary before starting online stuff, but some sort of in-person period. I don't know enough about population distribution to say whether that's a majority of residents or anything like that.
Unfortunately most of the districts around Charlotte are opening in a Plan B model. Numbers are about to get a lot worse.
Gaston County is doing split week by groups but also has an all virtual option.
Stanly County is doing plan B and it is going to be a shitshow we already have one elementary school that has one staff member test positive in the past couple of days and 2 others one of which is the principle showing symptoms that are waiting on test results and school has not even opened up yet.
UNC Charlotte is doing in classroom teachings.  I start September 7
Guess you're in Mecklenburg County but Union isn't going virtual
> They need to figure out a strategy for the State to move out of Phase II while protecting the most vulnerable.  They have. It's called getting the % positive cases down to under 5% so community spread stops occurring. When that happens you get less and less hotspots and then quarantine smaller and smaller areas.   And your comment is disingenuous, since the recent US 'spike' New York while 2x the population is having less deaths per day than NC. They have even had days with 0 new deaths. NC has not had that yet.    You say it can't be done, other states are proving you incorrect. And how are they doing it? Exactly with what NC is doing. Shutting things down, getting people to wear masks and doing what can be done to minimize spread.
This year you have an addition option - Vote out Tillis
Cooper can’t pass a stimulus that supports small businesses. He can only do so much with a state govt that literally took as much of his power away when he was elected governor. So yes, vote out every single republican who has gotten us to where we are today
Or just be a responsible adult and work out outdoors like everyone else is doing. It sucks, the heat is terrible, so is the humidity, but its better than making these shutdowns last longer or potentially spreading COVID further.
While, yes there are bigger problems and it is tragic that people are dying and others have lost their jobs and livelihoods, that doesn't negate the real feelings of hopelessness and depression that can come from seeing years of hard work at a personal goal deteriorate.  Not everyone can afford all the equipment they'd have access to at a gym and working out at home is generally less challenging without the right equipment. For someone who's worked hard at the gym, accomplished goals, and possibly even found confidence that they didn't have before, losing access to the gym could cause quite a lot of depression. I think you need to cut u/kingnicolas6 some slack because they're entitled to feeling down about how they've been impacted by the pandemic.
You can care about both. It's been tormenting me every day to think about the people losing their businesses, their lives, their homes, etc. My work put 75% of its staff on temporary layoff in March and it's another 5 weeks that they won't be re-opening, which means no job for me.  However, I'm concerned that my gym won't be able to re-open after all this time. And I, like kingnicolas6, have also had a hit taken on my own mental health because I've lost my physical fitness as well. And you can't rock climb indoors.  We're allowed to care about both things and still grieve the things we used to enjoy doing.
I don’t want it to seem like I don’t care about all of those things but I’m not directly affected by any of that right now seeing as how I’m a student anyway (don’t own a business, don’t have a career to worry about), so I don’t necessarily feel it’s my place to speak about that. Honestly I feel like we shouldn’t have moved from phase 1 so quickly and masks should’ve been mandated way sooner.
you can. you also need a place to put it.  a person living in a tiny apartment aint gonna be able to do that
Or we could stop giving corporations tax breaks. We could tax the ultra-wealthy appropriately. We could rework the budget allocations to actually help the citizens of this country.  These things aren’t some impossible pipe dream. The already exist in other countries. So what are they doing so much better than the US?
Exactly. It's just not feasible given the circumstances.
Oops, you're right about the half a million part. Got my sentences mixed together going between tabs. Like I said, NY's mask policy helped and I'm not opposed to it, but there were less cases getting reported even though NYC is a giant bubble of people on top of each other because they all got it in the initial spike.  &#x200B;  Herd immunity is a real thing, otherwise the vaccine wouldn't be effective. See  [https://www.mayoclinic.org/herd-immunity-and-coronavirus/art-20486808](https://www.mayoclinic.org/herd-immunity-and-coronavirus/art-20486808)
You really shouldn't hold up New York as an example of a state doing the right thing. Covid already catastrophically burned through New York.   https://covid19.healthdata.org/united-states-of-america/new-york  See that? At the unflattened peak there were an estimated 100,000+ infections a day in New York.  >Throwing our hands in the air and ignoring it is exactly why the US got as bad as it did.  What are you even talking about? Nobody suggested this. There's a lot of room between "Eternal Phase II" and "Throwing our hands in the air".
R.I.P. UNC.
So almost the majority. And most hybrid from what I learned were plan B where they start the first weeks online.
This part:  https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/sweden/  Deaths per day and Daily New Cases.  They had their spike, but it's unlikely they'll ever see another one.  The virus has run through.  You can also see this reflected in Italy's charts, and New York City's, except in both of those latter cases it happened in spite of their attempts to curb the spread.  Most countries now are seeing a resurgence of varying degrees, the notable exceptions being South Korea because their society is made for this and China, because China are the biggest liars this side of the Milky Way.  And look, in five, ten, twenty years, maybe history will look back and say Sweden was the example, maybe they'll say Sweden's approach was a failed experiment.  I don't know.  But the dirty little secret is no one does.  No one knows much about COVID-19, not us, not Fauci, not Sweden, not South Korea.  Debates are raging back and forth about whether children are transmitting it, whether herd immunity is achievable at 60%, 40%, or at all.  Right now everyone is doing what they think is best, and because of the conflicting reports and debates being had, everyone's idea of what is best is based on different information.
ugh poor people.
Quite a few comments I'll make off the cuff at night after a few beers.  I'm just blowing off steam and being unprofessional.  For example, I still agree with the sentiment of my original comment on this thread, but any sort of death (even if it's due to personal negligence and COVID-denial) is actually quite terrible.  I phrased that quite harshly.  More than that, I have an email address linked to this account.  That email can be linked to my bank, my facebook, all my photos, friends lists, employer... God only knows what can happen in the world of data breeches.  The value of this discussion is here and now... will it matter to anyone in two years what was said here?  If I delete it, maybe that's a small and inconsequential step (it may be stored forever).  But just in case... am I really hurting anyone or anything to go and clean up that history?  I don't need to leave the trail of breadcrumbs if I don't have to, and it's not valuable to anyone.  I have an alt for "real" talk like giving actual meaningful advice on matters I know about or discuss personal things I really care about.  This is my talk politics / post a meme account, the one that doesn't provide meaningful contribution.
Humans like having power over each other. You don't become governor of a medium-large state if you aren't at least a little bit power hungry. You can't tell me that absolute power over the entire state doesn't at least sound a little appealing to you.  And, as far as I'm concerned, if basic human rights are suspended, we are locked down. It doesn't matter how 'temporary' the suspension. So, there is no doubt that we were locked down when Cooper closed churches, since it's pretty hard to deny that that was a violation of religious freedom. Whether we are still locked down is a little more up for debate, but I would say that banning large, peaceful gatherings (at least ones that don't align with Cooper) is still a pretty basic human right that is being suspended.
Goalposts in March/April: 15-30 days to slow the spread. Just gotta give the hospitals time to increase their capacity  Goalposts now: Indefinite lockdowns. Adding restrictions even when cases go down  The point people are making when they say that the "goalposts have moved" is that we were sold on these lockdowns being a couple weeks to a month, just to make sure that there were enough ICU beds to go around. These goals acknowledged that, eventually, most people would get the virus.  Now, the hospitals are nowhere near threatening to be overrun. Even NYC in March, which was as bad as anything in America has gotten, didn't overrun their hospitals, and NC has as close to 0% as possible of a chance to get that kind of bad. So why are we still locked down? Because the goalposts moved.
I’ll ask you the same question I just posed on the parent comment.   What does Cooper stand to gain from the lockdown?
If you stopped "obeying" in late May, then this is more on you than Coop.
Yeah, we all WERE being responsible working out at home. What do you think has been happening since March? Question is, who ELSE has been acting responsibly? People bitch, moan, and complain about wearing masks in a grocery store. People go to Glenwood South piled up on top of each other like cordwood.  Don't lecture me about being responsible, I wasn't part of the damn problem in the first place.
And you don’t get to tell him how he can and can’t work out.   Physical fitness is very personal.  I’d need to buy about $7,000 to $10,000 worth of equipment to be able to replicate a typical gym workout.   I don’t have the money or the space for that at home.   It’s just that simple.   He works out by maxing the leg press.  I happen to do the same thing if I’m building mass.   That’s how we lift.   We basically can’t do that at home.
So tell me. What do you think a corporate tax break is and what you think the incentive of providing one ? And what do you think the tax rate for the “ultra wealthy” is? How much money are they actually paying? And what exactly is “rework budget allocations”? Because it sounds like you have no idea what you’re talking about and just regurgitating nonsense without actually thinking about how it would ever be implemented.
I'm also not disputing that it's real, just that we're not at those levels of infection in NY or anywhere in the world. It's not herd immunity that's gotten NY cases under control, it's social distancing, masks, partial business shutdowns, as well as more thorough contact-tracing and testing than most other states.   [https://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/ny-herd-immunity-jay-varma-mayor-coronavirus-20200710-wob6afhtt5g25kqnkkrtagtfxa-story.html](https://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/ny-herd-immunity-jay-varma-mayor-coronavirus-20200710-wob6afhtt5g25kqnkkrtagtfxa-story.html)  BTW, there is a pre-print study that suggests I could be wrong, but this has not been peer-reviewed: [https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200731/Research-suggests-New-York-City-may-have-reached-coronavirus-herd-immunity-threshold.aspx](https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200731/Research-suggests-New-York-City-may-have-reached-coronavirus-herd-immunity-threshold.aspx)  There's also a Spanish study suggesting that herd immunity through natural infection isn't strong enough and that a vaccine will be necessary: [https://medcitynews.com/2020/07/spanish-study-suggests-herd-immunity-against-covid-19-may-not-be-possible/](https://medcitynews.com/2020/07/spanish-study-suggests-herd-immunity-against-covid-19-may-not-be-possible/)  Basically this is far from settled science, especially far enough from settled to risk both our economy and thousands of NC citizen's lives over the hope that it'd pan out.
> There's a lot of room between "Eternal Phase II" and "Throwing our hands in the air".  There is indeed. Eternal Phase II isn't happening. Try again though.
I start school at UNCC September 7th.  I'm hoping they will work with us when some of us get COVID
That’s insightful. Thanks for the response.
> You can't tell me that absolute power over the entire state doesn't at least sound a little appealing to you.  I can absolutely without a shadow of a doubt say that there isn’t an inkling of appeal there. I think it also says a fair bit about you.   > if basic human rights are suspended, we are locked down.  Basic human rights have not been suspended. At all. Not a fuck thing has stopped anyone from worshipping, from drinking, from working out. You’ve been inconvenienced. You’ve had to alter the way you do these things. You haven’t had your rights taken.   We as a society have rules and regulations. We also have a responsibility to that society and when we demonstrate inability to do that, rules and regulations are what happens.   The fact that we’re still talking about these topics is fucking asinine.
Please plug your brain back in before the contents spoil.
I went ahead and got the white house reccomendatons for you sincee you sound confused.   Satisfy Before Proceeding to Phased Comeback  SYMPTOMS Downward trajectory of influenza-like illnesses (ILI) reported within a 14-day period  AND  Downward trajectory of covid-like syndromic cases reported within a 14-day period  CASES Downward trajectory of documented cases within a 14-day period  OR  Downward trajectory of positive tests as a percent of total tests within a 14-day period (flat or increasing volume of tests)  HOSPITALS Treat all patients without crisis care  AND  Robust testing program in place for at-risk healthcare workers, including emerging antibody testing   source.  https://www.whitehouse.gov/openingamerica/  Has the state met those?  if no we shoould be at phase one.
>Even NYC in March, which was as bad as anything in America has gotten, didn't overrun their hospitals   Wait, remember the hospital ship USNS Comfort? That went to NYC to make sure to keep beds available for COVID patients, NYC would have been overrun w/o it.
The more they keep things shut down, the more control they have. It is about power.
> Don't lecture me about being responsible, I wasn't part of the damn problem in the first place.  I literally responded to a guy saying you should get a doctors note to go to a gym. Had nothing to do with you bud.
Exactly. Seems like folks on Reddit would like everyone to be lazy, fat and unhealthy slobs because then they would have something in common. Overweight AND can’t get a partner.
This isn’t the format to have this discussion in detail. And you know that as well as I do. That said, I assume you also know that the corporate tax rate is 35% . I also assume you know that corporations don’t come anywhere near paying that. You also know why. Corporate profits are at an all time high while their federal tax contributions have decreased from 33% of total, to just 10%.   Additionally, the ultra-wealthy should be taxed proportionately to the middle class. Comparing dollars paid between the two is asinine.   Also,  the “defense” budget is unreasonably high. The budget to defend Americans in 2018 was ~650B.  That’s about a 7% increase from the previous year. Which is absolutely asinine. $650,000,000,000 to defend the people, but we have no way to get them health care. Got it.   Now, you were so busy with your condescension you forgot to explain why our peers are capable of such an impossible task, but the *greatest* country in the world cannot.
The economy is already in shambles and at a greater risk if we continue this phase extension. It would be better for the economy to get cash flowing again.
It doesn't sound like that school is doing a particularly good job of handling this situation. You may want to go ahead and contact any curriculum supervisors or other campus advisement you can reach to foresee what you may have in store.
>  I think it also says a fair bit about you.   Oh, it does. That I should not be given absolute power, nor should any human, not even Roy Cooper. That's kinda the whole idea behind, ya know, liberalism..
Got a date on those? Because if those came after the first lockdowns came into place, then they are an example of the goalposts moving earlier than I had thought.  I'm not even sure if that really refutes my point, unless you meant to respond to a different comment. My point was that the initial reason the lockdowns existed and why people were willing to tolerate them was because they were sold on 15-30 days, just enough to get the medical system in order. Then you send me a white house recommendation suggesting that the states stay locked down far longer. Again, all this is telling me is that the goalposts shifted earlier than I remembered, unless this came out before March 17.
Do you get your ideas of how politics work from tv? What is this "power" Cooper is gaining by staying in phase 2 precautions? You make it sound like he can control our minds. It's a pandemic and public health crisis that we (Americans) have failed to handle on many many levels. Cooper is doing the best he can to salvage this absolute embarrassment of a response the citizens of this country have mustered. Stop bragging about how you stayed home from March to May like you deserve a friggin award. I haven't been in the same room with anyone that wasn't my mother, father, brother, sister in law, or fiance since March. I didn't give up in May because the virus didn't end in May. Be an adult and stop trying to turn this shit into a conspiracy about how politicians are trying to control the population.
I’m sure there are lazy, skinny, unhealthy slobs that can’t get a partner on Reddit as well as the overweight ones.   The problem is that obesity is a co-morbidity factor for Covid.
And this is why corporations go overseas because of folks like you. Corporations bring jobs, taxable income. So giving an incentive to operate in your State or even in the US is a no brainer given the options around the world. And you can quit with the tax the ultra wealthy because of all the tax havens there are and plus, they don’t even come close to what is needed right now. Same with them, they can give up their citizenship and boom, no more US ultra wealthy to increase taxes.  Now, what’s your ACTUAL plan that actually makes sense?
Or... you know... tax companies like Amazon who pulled record profits this year and have been paying $0 in taxes while Jeff Bezos is going to be a literal trillionaire.  Also, we spend around $900 billion dollars in annual defense  costs... so we could use some of that.  But instead, let's open up and risk thousands of people dying.  Pretty fucking bleak worldview when you think that people deserve to die so some companies don't lose money.
It's all good. I'm not too worried about it
Dude, you need to refill your meds.
https://www.npr.org/2020/04/16/833451041/watch-white-house-to-share-coronavirus-guidelines-on-a-path-to-reopening-the-cou  I found that dated mid apr since the cdc sight does not have a datee on it.  Point was the goalpost have been what they are since then. Gov cooper and many otheer states are not really moving the goalpost to keep things in phase 2 to longer.  if anything they went to phase two before they should have  I suspect we are prolly still supposed be in phase one by those guidlines but of course if we were we would not have the cases we have and could easly move to pahse two and prolly 3 soon.
Twice you’ve ignored the most important part of my comment. I’m starting to think that’s intentional. You’ve still not addressed why other countries can pull off this “magic”.
You completely missed the point. I'm all for those changes. Problem is, it's not enough, especially with this unemployment rate. Like I said you seem to be inexperienced in the world. That's not a magical switch that can be flipped. Even then, that's years away from reality. I'm talking about a proven solution, that works now, that's nowhere near as scary as you think it is.
Yeah, but we all are. Please be safe about... who am I kidding? You're going to college. Don't get your parents sick.
Thanks for the casual condescension, fella. I didn't know that you were so wise beyond your years that you can go around and tell people how well they understand the world.
Ya.  If I do get sick, I'll self quarantine, email my professors and stay away from everyone.
Well you're ignoring everything I said and not even acknowledging it. I'm not being condescending, just telling you how you're coming across. You're only using Bernie talking points, keep in mind I'm a Bernie supporter. I voted for him in the primary. Your proposals aren't feasible right now. When this is over and we recover we can revisit that. Know what the quickest path to that is? Not extending phase 2 for another 5 weeks that's for sure.

Coronavirus: North Carolina bars, gyms to remain closed

Removed: rule 4

Gov. Cooper: Trump’s coronavirus strategy ‘nonexistent’

Considering Jared Kushner's Covid-19 task force purposefully elected to scrap their plan and do nothing, hoping cases and deaths would continue to spike in blue states making their governor's look bad, this is pretty accurate.
he’s not wrong about that!
If we were following Trump's strategy, things would look like Florida, Texas, Georgia, South Carolina, Arizona....no thanks. Glad Roy is keeping us safe.
I don’t agree. Just because his plan is to let the poor people all die to feed the fires of his classism and election doesn’t mean that it’s NOT a plan.
I was looking at North Carolina's numbers because my friend wants to come visit Asheville sometime in the fall. I was shocked at how low the numbers were compared to my state (Florida). I guess either I've gotten numb to the numbers myself for Florida at least.   and I promise you I dont leave the house so you wont be catching covid from me.
Just like a ‘do nothing Democrat’, wait for someone else to do the work for you instead of planning your state’s own exit strategy. But I think Pooper Scooper is  keeping us right where he wants us.
People don’t want to wear masks, and surprised when the governor is forced to shut things down to curb the cases.  IQ 200 move.
Not really.
What's your plan then?
He has opened things more than the cdc and the wwhite house cornona virus task has recomended. We should still be in phase one based on percent positive and 14 day trends and such. Of course had we stayed phase one a bit longr and actully did it right there is a good chance we could legit be looking at moving iinto phase three by now.
That’s actually %100 the opposite.
In case you didn't know this, there is no government entity that has the power to close more businesses than SARS COV-2.  Let us perform the calculation of how many dead people solicit a restaurant. The answer to this is 0.  Do I want to come to your business if it might kill me? No.  If someone does come to your business and dies, will they come back? No. The virus is bad for business. Maybe you would like to just let nature take its course?  This would mean the total oblitaration of every single business, mass death, the doctors and nurses would be dead, there would be no police, firemen, emt, nobody to make your hamburger etc. I mean, do you even know what the hell is going on right now? It's called a PANDEMIC. It's killed more people than died in WW1 Vietnam and Korea combined, and it's only in the 5th month. Our country is in a major emergency and all you can do is scrabble on the floor like a starving dog trying to show how eager you are to lick up the vomit of the GOP BS propaganda machine. Pathetic, ignorant and weak.
Yeah! Just like a do-nothing Democrat to...uh...do...something? Like his job, in the form of implementing public health policy, e.g., mask mandates and the phased re-opening, which seems eerily like an exit strategy.  But by all means, keep mindlessly repeating these GOP catchphrases as if they bear any resemblance to anything outside conservative fiction.
That’s some clever content you’ve got there. Very on-brand.   So what do you think the plan should be? What should the federal government be doing? What should the state government be doing? And please keep in mind there is more to government than president and governor. Hit me with it.
He did release a plan. We're in phase 2 of the NC plan.
In your universe, is it okay to get a deadly respiratory virus that can cause long term harm to your body if you manage to survive? I'm guessing not. If you don't like how Cooper is doing, I'm sure he'd like some suggestions. Otherwise, keep doing like Dan Forrest who still has NO plan.
No part of this makes a bit of sense.
Not OP  Must be to kill Grandmas obviously..
It fascinates me that we have examples of approaches from all over the world that have been wildly more successful that ours yet some of us still act like there’s “nothing we can do”.   We never even saw a “lockdown”. We managed to tank the economy and not get a hold of the virus. But America is still the best!!
GOOD PEOPLE
I don’t know. It’s hard to treat a problem serious when you don’t think it’s a serious problem. Bigger problems are unemployment, closed schools, and the looming wave of cancer deaths due to this overextended lockdown measures. If it were up to me, I’d stop all testing except at hospitals and go for herd immunity. It is the only way out. A vaccine won’t be a magic bullet.
Europe has the benefit of only having the occasional village idiot and not upwards of 40% of your population being a complete moron like the USA.    I love seeing  them continue to blame the government for the problems that were caused by their own ignorance  and negligence.  You reap what you sow.
Imagine using “Doomer” unironically. Imagine 150,000+ dead Americans not being an issue for you while in the next sentence talking about your liberty.
I've just got to ask. Are you willing to go get covid-19 to prove to us how not deadly it is? In that process, sign a waiver refusing medical care as well. If not, put on a mask and realize that people are trying to save lives here.
yah - the virus just isn't deadly enough, huh?  it's not a problem until you get it or give it to someone else or someone you love gets it.  but yeah - deadly doomers, etc...
Oh I see. So what do you think the actual number of infections is in each country? What is the actual number of deaths in each country?  Why are so many people dying right now in the USA in the middle of SUMMER?  Let us know and please give us a link to your sources so we can learn from your sage and clearly superior knowledge. Or, if you happen to be full of hot gas and can't back up a damn thing you're saying, you could just sit down like the dumb kid in class and watch the grown ups talk about real things. So let's see those data sources Dr.
150,000 people have died in the US.  That's equivalent to 38,000 Benghazis.  Do you remember how many investigations there were for that?
So wait. Just so I’m clear. Your plan is to *literally* do nothing which is exactly what you accused the Democrats of doing. Am I following this?   Also, every problem you listed is exacerbated by “going for herd immunity”. Is the plan for this also to do nothing? What about the medical bills? Do nothing?   And while we’re at it, why bring up cancer deaths? What makes cancer deaths a concern but COVID deaths seemingly a non-issue?   Should we be proactively trying to spread the virus to speed up the process? Were the COVID parties on to something?   Real talk, it’s okay to not know the answers. But Christ, check your shit talk and your Trump twitter parroting.
Try googling “Why herd immunity won’t work”. It might be good for you to look at a source that isn’t Fox news or facebook.
A vaccine is very nearly a literal magic bullet. Testing is the only way you can know how wide spread and where. Herd immunity is basically saying "let them die and hope it does not surge back in a year or two when your immunity wears off. Your bigger problems are a lack of social network to support people who don't have jobs right now, not unemployment. A school plan that preserves Heath and provides education (damn difficult) and hospitals having enough ppe to provide non Covid services
Other countries such as South Korea have implemented science-based solutions including mask wearing, extensive rapid testing, contact tracing, and quarantining (which are steps recommended by the CDC) and they have effectively halted the spread of the virus. South Korea has only lost 300 to COVID-19, we're well on our way to losing 200,000 of our fellow citizens. The only reason why we're failing miserably is because of the lack of leadership from the current administration. We're the most powerful nation in the history of mankind, we could easily be beating this disease, but we're not because of politics.
so... your brilliant strategy is pretty much just trumps strategy....    got it.
I've noticed the folks that say it are the kind that will do anything to justify their view that covid isn't dangerous. It's funny that they go on about liberty, but do absolutely nothing to help this country recover from the virus.
Don't worry, we are over 160,000 dead now. :(
Unfortunately there are people out there who know they have it, are asymptomatic and are deliberately spreading it. I'm actually going to get tested next week if i can to see if i'm a carrier, not to protect myself, but to protect others.  I can only assume if bumpyBoi had it, he would go around with no mask or maybe even deliberately infect others. That's the type of person we have here.
Because he doesn't care. Same reason people don't want to wear masks. Dead people aren't piling up in the street and it only hurts the elderly and minorities right?   It's that exact selfish ignorant behavior that will keep this virus with us for a long time and expect to see more deaths and more losses because of it.

Raleigh hospital hopes outbreak over after 4 children test positive for coronavirus

>A psychiatric hospital in Raleigh expects to resume admitting patients soon after four children tested positive for the coronavirus, its chief operating officer said.  >Wake County reported a COVID-19 outbreak at the 71-bed Holly Hill Hospital last week. Hospital representatives confirmed four children at the hospital’s Children’s Campus had tested positive.   According to the chief operating officer and chief nursing officer, 'the children did not have symptoms when admitted to the hospital'

The first dog in North Carolina confirmed with the coronavirus has died

Poor pup 💔
>The first dog in North Carolina to test positive for the coronavirus has died, state officials said Tuesday.  >It is the first confirmed case of a dog in North Carolina testing positive for the coronavirus, according to the state Department of Health and Human Services. A previous report of an infected dog turned out to be false.  >According to the press release, a client took a dog that was having trouble breathing to the NC Veterinary Hospital on Aug. 3. The dog died of its “acute illness,” the release said.  >The dog was a male Newfoundland that was about 8 years old,  From the Department of Health and Human Services [Press Release](https://www.ncdhhs.gov/news/press-releases/north-carolina-has-first-reported-sars-cov-2-positive-case-dog):  >Samples collected from the dog were tested for the SARS-CoV-2 virus with a Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test in the hospital diagnostic laboratory and were then sent to the National Veterinary Services Laboratories (NVSL) for confirmatory testing. Those tests confirmed a positive result; indicating a confirmed SARS-CoV-2 case per the national case definition developed by the United States Department of Agriculture. A necropsy was performed to try to determine the animal’s state of health at the time of death and the cause of death, and the complete investigation is ongoing. The NC State Veterinary Hospital staff notified the family and state health officials from NCDHHS and the NC Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services (NCDA&CS) of the positive test result.   >“Based on the information available, the risk of animals spreading the virus to people is considered to be low,” said Dr. Carl Williams, State Public Health Veterinarian.
That's it. 2020 has gone too far. I will have my revenge!
Oh fucking hell.
Something something John Wick pt. 4 something something.
NO. NO NO NO💔
Maybe people will finally start to wear masks now that dogs are in danger and not just other humans 🙄
Poor pup 😢
We have to go to that dog’s funeral, but we have to wear masks, like a smart person

Judge rules for Cooper, against Forest, in lawsuit over coronavirus shutdown orders
[https://www.newsobserver.com/news/politics-government/article244744432.html](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/politics-government/article244744432.html)
>Despite the claims of his Republican rival, Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper likely has the authority to keep issuing coronavirus-related orders even if other political leaders don’t sign off on them, a judge has ruled.   >   >Republican Lt. Gov. Dan Forest, who’s running against Cooper for the governor’s office in this year’s elections, had sued Cooper over some of his executive orders. Forest said Cooper shouldn’t be able to issue the orders solely on his own.   >   >Instead, he said, Cooper should be required to get the approval of a majority of the elected officials who make up the Council of State in North Carolina’s executive branch — which has a Republican majority.   >   >Forest asked the judge to issue a ruling to temporarily stop Cooper from issuing any more such orders until the lawsuit is over. But on Tuesday, the judge dismissed that argument and said Cooper can keep issuing orders, since it doesn’t appear that Forest has a winning legal argument.   >   >Forest “has not demonstrated that he is likely to succeed on the merits of his claim,” wrote Wake County Superior Court Judge Jim Gale, who heard last week from lawyers representing Forest and Cooper.
Good. Now if Forest could stop wasting time and taxpayers dollars, and stop risking spreading COVID, maybe he could actually, you know, do something during the pandemic?   I mean, the guy is on Council of the State right? He should have plenty of ideas to help the great state of NC get through the pandemic right? Right?
+1 for the Cooper Squad.  Glad I voted for, and will be voting for again, Cooper.
Dear North Carolina... please don't fucking elect Forest...     I don't want to die a horrible Covid related Death and he's already signaled he'll make the official state greeting Eyeball Licking to "own the libs"
The photos of him campaigning and speaking to/with large crowds of people, none of whom have masks, during a pandemic are sickening. Aren’t those kinds of crowds illegal under Cooper’s orders?!
It’s nice that Forest can start getting used to that feeling now... since 65 or so percent of North Carolinians will also rule that way here in less than three months.  Let the guy ease in to it so it stings less later is my point.
All the love to Gov. Cooper. ❤️ He’s shown amazing leadership, and I’m glad for him.
It’s a shame Forest spent more time being political than actually helping Governor Cooper during the pandemic!
Its so frustrating that we're playing politics while people are dying. On the taxpayers dime.
Almost every day, I think about how lucky we were that Cooper won that election by a few hundred votes. We could be in the same situation as Florida.
Pure political theatre for Forest. Just trying to charge up his ass backwards base.
Good
Not exactly democratic, but decisions must be made. Right, wrong, or indifferent, when decisions are caught in legislature, we all lose.
Court opinion, if anyone has questions about the court’s thinking:  [http://pulse.ncpolicywatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/20-CVS-7272-Order-on-PI_Gale.pdf](http://pulse.ncpolicywatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/20-CVS-7272-Order-on-PI_Gale.pdf)
Good!
Science over Q-bitch every damn time 😎
Forest is a rightwing bigot. That's all you need to know.
fall forest fall.
The NCGOP exists to waste taxpayer time and money.
So if he does get elected, that means he could issue orders without check correct? That any Governor we have could issue orders without check? That’s scary.
Welcome to N.C. home of dictator Cooper.
He’s so busy flying around the state in his private plane, hosting maskless fundraisers and criticizing anyone actually doing their job.
Imagine thinking Cooper actually talks with the Council of State and gives a damn about what they think
Another proud and grateful Cooper voter. And I’m especially thankful that 2018 broke the N.C. General Assembly’s veto-proof majority. I hope that stays as well. Otherwise the General Assembly will just plow through like they were doing all those years before.
[sad dan](https://i.imgur.com/6e1dIBN.jpg)
I'm not excited about either option (I'll be voting Steven DiFiore, the Libertarian candidate), but Forest is an absolute asswipe and obviously cares about himself more than the people of NC. I'm not asking for everyone to vote for a specific candidate, just please, don't vote for Forest.
Yes, but it would have to be enforced by local law enforcement, which may well support Forest in the places he is campaigning.
RemindMe! November 4th, 2020  Edit: why have you failed me reddit? 😂 Edit: Ahh there we go.
Well, the concept of Executive Orders were voted on in the legislature, so as long as he's staying within their bounds, they are. The judicial branch is indicating that he is staying in those bounds, so it really is democratic.
When an executive is side-stepping legislatively mandated checks and balances, we all lose
Ditto
Only during an emergency, and only for the duration of an emergency. Every state and the federal level allows for this.   The check to this is the court system. Today Forest lost.
This is not correct.  The ruling is based on a very narrow set of circumstances in one section of the EMA.  It only applies to emergency actions that meet certain criteria.  He still has to have the concurrence of the council of state for pretty much any other executive order.
Yep, and Repubs and Demos will take turns crying. Obama used similar powers, and now Dems complain about Trump doing it.  Not surprising, we are the country of "right now" and not the country of "tomorrow".
LOL. Welcome to disillusionment.
Cry more. Your tears give me life.
I think it’s a camper he’s traveling in. I saw on on 64 in rocky mount around 11am heading towards raleigh.
I wonder why Cooper talked to the Council of State then when this started? And beyond that the Council of State is a pretty NC thing isn't it? I don't think any other states the same system to curtail the powers of a governor.   Even more interesting is that not a single other memeber of the Council of State backed Forest in this lawsuit.   Makes you wonder if this was just a desperate ploy by desperate canidate who's claim to fame is a stupid catch phrase pulled from a movie.
Imagine thinking Dan fucking Forest gives a damn about anyone other than himself.
Imagine being a conspiracy theorist
We live in a two party system. There is a zero percent chance anyone not a d or r will win. A vote for not Cooper is a vote for forest.
No, no, no... you can’t give the bot a date, [you have to count the days from today](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/c5l9ie/remindmebot_info_v20/?utm_source=xpromo&utm_medium=amp&utm_name=amp_comment_iterations&utm_term=control_1&utm_content=post_body).  For instance, *RemindMe! 85 days*.  Speaking of which, as a Trump supporter and /r/redpillwomen poster, 85 days from now is when you’ll want to head down to the polling station.
What do think about Trump's executive orders this past weekend?
We only lose when decisions that may save or cost the lives of thousands of people are argued about and no one makes a decision nor has any sort of leadership.   Odd that not a single Council of State member backed Forest in this wasteful court case.   I don't see you complaining ever about Trump's EO's but the moment a democrat makes one you are up in arms about checks and balances.   Funny, the courts take care of the 'legality' of EO's, and in this case turns out those EO's are perfectly legal.
Interesting point. Generally, I'm not a fan of EOs, but I feel that a situation like this is one of the few times that it's acceptable. The legislative process is a long and deliberate one and this pandemic changes so quickly, I don't think any legislative body could keep up.   I see your response that you aren't a fan of Trump's EOs over the weekend. Kudos for sticking to your principals and not being partisan. We need more of that!
0.o  Cant tell if trolling
..... which Cooper was not doing with that order.
Ok makes more sense that it would have to be during Emergency Situations. I may have just overlooked that in the article.
This is irrelevant.  Executive powers at the Federal level have nothing to do with executive powers in NC
It looks a lot like a plane to me? https://imgur.com/gallery/X3zLu4y
I think he naively thought that the pandemic response would be a nonpartisan issue that he could use to present a united front.
> A vote for not Cooper is a vote for forest  How is a vote for a third party candidate any more of a vote for Forest as it is for Cooper? I'm a conservative not voting for the Republican candidate. If anything, my vote widens the gap and is a "vote for Cooper".
What a tired take.
Oh well, Seems like the remindmebot has caught on and wants me to work for it lol. 😜
I haven't looked into the details, but I would generally say it's extremely bad when a president is trying to use executive orders to do something that Congress needs to pass a bill for.
I have stated my opposition to Trump's EOs on another comment to this post.  Also, people can make informed decisions about their own health without the government telling them to.
I am also skeptical of executive orders in general, but I think this situation goes a little deeper than that. The law which governs emergency powers has specific language regarding the concurrence of the council of state being required for the exercise of certain powers. I'm not sure if this is what you are referring to as a legislative process. The council of state is the 10 elected members of the executive branch (including the governor). I think this is a whole lot quicker than the legislative process. In fact, when the concurrence was denied to Governor Cooper, [it took ~5 hours for the council to vote] (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l9s_dUqCXrtjk13Ihyb-K6rXtik9BHw7/view?usp=sharing). Governor Cooper's argument is that the power he is exercising comes from a different section of the law, which does not require this concurrence. Interestingly enough, it appears he adopted this interpretation only after the CoS refused to concur with his order shutting down restaurants. If this is in fact a correct interpretation of the law, I think it definitely needs to be changed. I don't believe the lawmakers intended for the governor to be wielding such sweeping powers for an extended period of time.
Exactly. As taught in the intro level Leadership class at the Naval Academy, in an emergency, an ok decision now is infinitely better than the perfect decision too late. The legislative process in theory comes to a decision that best represents the interests of the entire population, as long as you have the time. Many legislative bodies had to meet once in-person to vote to allow themselves the ability to vote remotely. They are simply not set up to do things in a quick manner, hence additional powers given to the executive branch during times of emergency (as long as those powers are then rescinded after the conclusion of the emergency).
Not trolling. Have you read the law in question?
It’s in the court opinion: [http://pulse.ncpolicywatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/20-CVS-7272-Order-on-PI_Gale.pdf](http://pulse.ncpolicywatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/20-CVS-7272-Order-on-PI_Gale.pdf)
It sounds like you are a lawyer. Great. I'm not talking about extension of federal powers to state executives. I'm talking about the general trend of using executive orders to circumvent normal process.   [https://www.courthousenews.com/frustrated-democratic-governors-turn-to-executive-orders/](https://www.courthousenews.com/frustrated-democratic-governors-turn-to-executive-orders/)   Note this article points out the precedent set by Obama.  I don't care whether Cooper's right or wrong. He's done it now, Trump's done it now, Obama did it, Congress circumvented process for Supreme Court nominations.  I'm sure it's been happening since governments existed. When one side stretches the rules, the other side is entitled to do so.
Omg, he is such a twat...
Could be...
Sorry that reality is upsetting to you.
What if that congress is heavily gerrymandered and doesn't accurately represent  a state's population demographics?  In theory, I hear what you're saying, but is there a point at which the context of the NC political maps violates that ideal?
Yeah I agree with you for the most part. If the system is functioning well then ideally no Executive should ever have to use executive orders. Unfortunately I don't think the system is functioning well at the moment so I do believe there's necessity to some of these orders.  It is definitely something we should be vigilant about though. We should never cheer on executive over reach just because our team made the order.
> Also, people can make informed decisions about their own health without the government telling them to.  Highly incorrect. Go to pretty much any store not enforcing mask usage to see how much people can make informed decisions. Hell, its a constant concern in medicine about informed consent. The majority of people very much lack the education to actually make health decisions. If you need further examples look at every fast food joint in America and how popular they are. You look at the obesity epidemic, smoking epidemic, hell currenyl most people in NC are being posioned by chemicals in the Cape Fear river basin.   They have little to no choice but to carry on.   Sure, every person is able to make informed consent. My ass.   Government in NC as far as I know hasn't told a single person they 'must' wear a mask, businesses do though.
Um no they can't. People have clearly demonstrated that they are making our choices not only for their own health but for the health of all those around them. During a public health crisis there government has authority to step in and introduce restrictions for the benefit of its people's health.
People don’t even wear seatbelts or wash their hands after using the restroom when they serve food without the government telling them to.
I'll be the first to admit, that's news to me. You clearly know your shit. Personally, I have no problem with Cooper doing what he is. I think it's helped NC avoid becoming a FL or AZ. Now, the trick is how do you legally make sure someone doesn't overstep that power by saying "this is an emergency" when it's really not.  With all of that said, I'm sure folks will disagree with me.
Agree 100%. EOs shouldn't dictate policy, nor were they created to. The interesting thing is a long emergency such as this. Personally, I think Cooper is doing a great job and have no problem with him being the sole authority on what phase we're in. I can't imagine trying to advise an entire legislative body on what phase we should be in
And yet, apparently a Superior Court Judge disagrees with you.
Oh yeah, I didn’t get a chance to read that. Just had a question and got downvoted horribly for asking it. Thanks for the link!
Executive orders are very common during a state of emergency.  Cooper’s orders here have nothing to do with circumventing any normal processes.    This is literally already the “normal process” for a health emergency like this.  The issues you want so desperately to relate to one another do not relate.
He's not warm enough to be a twat.  Moist enough, sure, but not warm enough.
Voting for an independent is a vote for an independent. Its not a vote for Trump OR Biden. That's not reality. That's not how numbers work.
The president takes an oath to the constitution (and the governor to the state constitution), and that oath is not invalidated by the legislative (or judicial) branch acting immorally.  P.S. Do you think the current maps (2019 redistricting) are heavily gerrymandered?
They often don't, but they can. If you don't want to hang out with people who don't wear masks, don't. If you don't want to patronize businesses which allow customers to enter without masks, don't. The government is not responsible for it's citizen's health.
I am curious as to why you would compare us to FL or AZ, when there are 13 states when they are ranked at #18 and #14 for deaths per capita respectively ([source](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1109011/coronavirus-covid19-death-rates-us-by-state/)). Is it because of similar population density or demographics?
It wouldn't surprise me if Forest lost the case, but that is not what this article is about. At this point, the judge has refused to grant a preliminary injunction.
I don’t see all the downvotes. Weird.
So desperately! Lol
What % chance does the I have if winning? It’s zero. Not one. Not two. Zero. Buy you go ahead and throw your vote away. Probably best your vote isn’t counted anyways.
Not OP, but they are HEAVILY gerrymandered.
What would you say the government is responsible for then? I would say primarly the defense of Americans against foreign invasion. Well we were invaded by a foreign virus, so you are damn right the government should be doing something about it.   They were literally the first people that could have banned all flights from hot spots, could of increased production of PPE early, held additional stockpiles of materials, and could have led the effort of stamping out the foreign invasion.   Turns out those at the Federal level refused to do so and left that upon the states. But you somehow think that you can force everyone you work with, anyone in your house to wear masks, and not interact with anyone so we can stop the spread of COVID.    Do you think a single business would have mask rules if the government didnt enact them? Thats like saying 'nah, chemical companies will be have and not pour their toxic waste in the rivers'... Hmm... they do that too.   You are either malicious, ignorant, or blinded to reality. Must be wonderful living in your world where everyone looks out for each other and no one needs to be told to do everything. Hell, I bet everyone uses their blinkers and headlights all the time in your world as well right?
Those were the two that came to mind in terms of relaxing restrictions early and experiencing outbreaks in cases.
It’s highly unlikely that Forest will pursue the issue further.
My original post. Shows me a -24. Ah well, I lost some internet points.
Such insight!
So you’re advocating for only voting for someone if you feel that candidate can win? Rather than voting for what you stand for? The colonists would like to have a word.
Even the map passed by a majority of both parties in the NC Senate?
Quite a mental stretch there.  There is still mask usage even where there are no mandates.
Could be. On my part I would like to see it adjudicated fully by the courts.
Lol how upsetting that a bunch of mass murdering thieves wouldn’t like what I have to say.
Yes, but clearly not enough have adopted masks out of concern for the public good. That's the role we have given to government, and to government leaders especially.
You are missing out on how many pro-plaguers don't get vaccines and how that is causing preventable diseases such as measles to bathe a come back. Yes there are some people watching masks, but nowhere near enough. Gtfoh with your misinformation and misunderstanding of how stupid people are regarding their health.
Eh, he didn’t demonstrate that he had a case on the merits.  He’d have to bring in additional arguments to change the outcome.  If he actually had anything more demonstrative than what was already briefed and argued in the hearing, he would have brought it at that time, or he might have even gotten the injunction.  I’m not sure what you mean by fully adjudicated.  Unless he was hiding some brilliant legal argument and saving it for later (which is a terrible idea in a case like this) the court already adjudicated the case.
You're not familiar with history, got it.
I never said there were no local mandates before Cooper's order. I don't know where you got that from.  Mask usage, if effective at all, is clearly not a major driver of the severity of an outbreak.
> Despite the claims of his Republican rival, Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper likely has the authority to keep issuing coronavirus-related orders even if other political leaders don’t sign off on them, a judge has ruled.  > Tuesday’s order doesn’t mean the lawsuit is over. Forest will have a chance to argue his case further.  The basis of this ruling is not the same basis used to determine the final verdict. Also, there is the possibility of appeal to a higher court.
Don’t pretend you guys value education. You value ignorance. That’s why you don’t know history and are confused that it’s me who doesn’t. God damn why are you people so stupid? Hookworm?
I don't think Forest plans on appealing. Little late to get the decision before the election anyways, which is the only reason Forest brought the case forward.
You’re correct, this was just a motion for a preliminary injunction.  However, the court’s decision was based on the merits of the claim.  Forest failed to demonstrate that he is likely to 0prevail on the merits.  It would just be odd for him to double down and argue the whole thing over again unless he was holding out on us - Which, again, would be stupid for his lawyers to have done.
You guys? Wat?
The death rate per 100,000 by state varies from 2 in Hawaii to 179 in New York. It is plainly obvious that the wide range between these two numbers is not driven by the mask policy. Factors which have a much larger effect probably include healthcare policies, population density, cultural practices, comorbidities etc.
The right. Should I have not gendered it? Should I have said “you people” instead?
The right? The whole point of this tree was voting third party. You simply assumed and went on your own tangent about my political beliefs
Can you link to a study which correlates mask mandates with lower COVID-19 cases?
Lol fake centrists are the right. There’s nothing to assume. It’s obvious.   “Welcome to the Conservative party! With this view point of states rights and sovereign standing, you’ll be welcomed with open arms!”  Lol you should try to remember we aren’t as dumb or easily manipulated as you (people).
You’re a pleasant human being that assumes, points fingers, and degrades when you’re wrong
> These estimates are not small; they represent nearly 16 percent to 19 percent of the effects of other social distancing measures (school closures; bans on large gatherings; shelter-in-place orders; and closures of restaurants, bars, and entertainment venues) after similar periods from their enactment.  Thank you for agreeing with my point. Even among government mandates, forced mask usage only has a relatively small impact.  Also, I'm not sure what your 5% figure means. Do you mean 5% of the positive tests are from community spread, or 5% positive rate on tests done?
Lol you literally fucking welcomed someone to the Republican Party. You’re acting in bad faith. It’s transparent and sad.
I'm not sure how useful % positive test result rate is, as it seems very dependent on testing criteria/who is coming in for testing. It seems to me that it would have been a good idea to set aside a certain number of tests per day for randomized testing to give us a more holistic view of the spread.

Washington mayor dies of coronavirus complications

Duplicate submission removed:  https://www.reddit.com/r/NorthCarolina/comments/i8ry2w/washington_nc_mayor_dies_from_complications_of/

UNC reports coronavirus clusters in student housing

"I am so surprised!", said no one at all.
And so it begins. Didn't take long....
If only there was some way we could have predicted this.
I'm shocked, shocked, to find that there is gambling going on at this institution!
Half their football team was sick as of two weeks or so ago, I would be lying if I said I wasn’t nervous for Mack Brown even as a state student. State and UNC are also having problems with Greek Life partying. State also has quarantined off some students. We’ll be home by September.
If only UNC gave a shit.
Anyone notice that Granville Towers is at ‘76% capacity’?!?!?!
Every college student in NC is going to be home by October.
*Shocked pikachu face
the "flagship" doesnt seem to be handling this too well. but at least they finally disclosed the federally mandated Clery report dealing with campus crime
I just got the notification. Reddit's fast.
:surprised pikachu:
It looks like pretending the virus doesn't exists results in transmission of the virus. Strange. If only someone had warned us, we could have avoided this catastrophe.  I wonder when this is going to "disappear like a miracle".
My one in person class has already had 1 confirmed covid case Id say we got 3 more weeks here max
Between this and the football team, seems like they're running a sloppy shop.
Same thing will happen to Elon. They are bringing students back in this week
Astonishing
Fuck the board of governors over UNC.
God sent Covid to save the Tarheels from a losing season.
WOW,, only took a week?
Did they also test them for gonorrhea and chlamydia?
If only someone had warned us this could happen!  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  ^(/s)
UNC college system just happy tuition/housing/meals paid for upfront.....the working man/woman has no chance to break even or get ahead fighting against things like this....but at least that 100 year old statue is down!!!!
https://i.imgur.com/txWyGTd.jpg
> Half their football team was sick as of two weeks or so ago  UNC football hasn't had a positive result since early July. That said, now that regular students are back, things will definitely be harder to control
A high school student I worked with/tutored a few years ago goes to state now. He is constantly posting pictures of him partying, has been all summer. He went back to school and is around different people every hour. I'm sure he isn't the only one.
Just in time to transmit it to the at-home students that are just about to join onsite grade school!
ikr no wonder it's so packed on Franklin and Rosemary
Dude you’ve been on here for ten years....
hoocooodanode?
the sooner we can get the students who can go back home, back home, the more lives we'll save here in our CH community.
Won’t last long with their dumb ass strength coach going out and lifting in public gyms without masks, partying without masks etc.
Supporting source?
If he's been doing that consistently, he probably already has had it. The real big brained move
[Here ya go](https://twitter.com/BrendanRMarks/status/1293184041068326912)
That’s good; especially no additions so far to the 4 players sitting out at least the fall season. Whether a fall season ends up occurring or how many games are even played, TBD
But they also didn't catch the Covid cases with their supposedly regular testing of the players.  Two players I believe reported symptoms and only then were they tested and found to be positive; at which point contact tracing began.

UNC-Chapel Hill halting in-person classes as campus coronavirus crisis grows

Man, who could have foreseen this easily predictable thing playing out exactly as predicted?
Myron Cohen, Director, Institute for Global Health & Infectious Diseases at UNC in June on NATIONAL TV: “The entire campus will be trying to create environments where people are incredibly socially responsible. Humans are smart. Okay, these students are smart.”  Everything is $$$$. University doesn’t give a fuck. Tuition is due at 5 pm today. Coincidence?
FYI, UNC didn't make the decision in person, the board of governors did.  The BOG are a bunch of asshats.
Well, aren't we all grateful that it was open long enough to spread the virus around the whole campus?
Sitting in my apartment at NC State right now thinking "o fuck"
 Im shocked! I was expecting most schools to wait until after the tuition refund date to start cancelling classes.
All NC college students are going to be home by October.
Don't worry there will be some exception to try and get sports played
"University community shocked when virus does exactly the same thing it has done everywhere else in the world."
who coulda see that coming? /s  UNCG starts up tomorrow. We got an email today saying that even though UNC CH had enough infected students to go online, our campus is still open and will remain so until we all get sick. (not a direct quote)
I start UNCC September 7th.  I wonder if we're going to go online only?
No doi.
Is it a “crisis” if a bunch of healthy young people catch a virus, have symptoms for a few days, and then return to normal health?
Imagine having a the big-brain resources of a major university and still fucking this up by the numbers. There are strip clubs that have made it with better decision making.
This guys seems to be a total knucklehead
and then send it back home to all the at-risk older adults!!! its like the school never even wanted to open....just wanted the money for their budgets. i just hope other schools think for themselves and not to follow blindly the "great UNC-CH"
And town....
who could have predicted this outcome?
I'm an employee at App State.  It will be a miracle if we survive to Labour Day.     Continuing to keep grad students on campus makes sense especially for those past taking courses, just focused on research.
This guy made an alt just so he could spread his Covid conspiracy nonsense because he is too much of a coward to do it on his main.
Ignore this guy. He believes COVID is a media created hoax.
Unfortunately the board of governors didn't listen to the big brains.  UNC didn't get to make the decision, the BOG did.
someone was never an attendee of the university of north carolina system
Money over brain matter.
strip clubs have been closed since March
The UNC system was required to follow the board of governors decision to open.  They didn't have a say and only went remote after a special session with the BOG today allowing them to.  Other state schools will have to follow the same process if the BOG don't make everyone remote.
App alum here. The deep woods frat parties aren’t going to stop and it’s going to get bad. At least at UNC they have some jurisdiction over the frat houses... at App they’re scattered all over the place and sometimes undetectable.
Who?  The original poster?  Edit:  Just messing with you!  Hey, how many people between the ages of 15 and 24 died from Covid-19 between February 1st and June 17th?  The answer is 125.  In a country of 330 million people.  College age students are virtually unfazed by Covid-19, but by all means, let’s shut down a few more things!  That will SURELY make Covid-19 disappear this time!
Yup, The campuses largely do not have the power to close campus or shift to all online. It's the BOG and the UNC System.
I'm an academic (biologist) and I don't have a single colleague at any higher ed institution that has been asked by the administration what our take on this has been. They have dictated to us how we have to teach and they have dictated to the students how they have to behave while at school. They have spent zero time attempting to make their dictates correspond to the reality of what we actually do when we teach or what student life is actually like.
Yes, thank you for elaborating my point. Strip clubs closed, colleges open despite hundreds of doctors, statisticians and supposed critical thinkers on staff.
This is an important distinction. The news will either delight or embarrass individuals depending on opinions of the school, but this is primarily the fault of the [Board of Governors ](https://www.northcarolina.edu/leadership-and-governance/board-of-governors/)  who oversee all state universities.
No. **You.** You constantly deny the severity of COVID when 170,000 Americans have died from it.   Yeah, lets keep all those college students who *may* not have too bad of symptoms stay at campus, spread it further into the communities they live, so more get sick, deaths in the elderly that catch it go back up again and then maybe we can just go to Phase I again and successfully kill every small business and many large ones in NC.   Because with your ignorance, that's exactly the kind of stupidity you are promoting.
Hell, there are now drive through strip clubs with socially distanced dancers. So they managed to remain open and still did better than UNC.
colleges/businesses have got to reopen somehow and sometime...it can be done safely....we just got to try instead of being scared all the time over everything.
Colleges can open online.
Then demand we do it the way the rest of the world has. I’m ready to get back to living, why is no one else? Why are we ok with being so different?
I see a lot of people saying that, how do we reopen safely? Genuinely asking, in case I sound rhetorical. Many other countries have reopened because they actually got the virus under control, right? Which we don't, yet. Or am I missing something? I definitely could be.
You aren’t missing anything, that’s the only way to actually reopen unless effective treatments or a vaccine is developed. For whatever reason we both want to reopen, and won’t do the basics to do so, total mess.

UNC-Chapel Hill halting in-person classes as campus coronavirus crisis grows :: WRAL.com


NCSU identifies coronavirus cluster, cases in fraternities, sororities

Shocking
Play stupid games, win covid-19.

NC daily new coronavirus cases -- 1,972 -- are highest in two weeks

Luckily it seems hospitalizations are going down, and overall cases are going down and the percentage positive is going down as well.   Unfortunately it's a slow process, and kids going back to university and school is going to likely move things in the wrong direction.
It's just because of colleges, unfortunately. Don't think this reflects well on the good work that has been done in the State as up until recently our numbers had all been trending in a consistent downward slope (besides hospitalizations which has been flat)
Oof bars are gonna all shut down permanently now in Charlotte there’s no way they can afford to keep staying closed...
> It's just because of colleges, unfortunately  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard  See cases per 10,000 residents for Sampson County, Duplin County, Robeson County, Rowan County, they're among the highest infection rates in the state. This has been an ongoing problem since March.  https://indyweek.com/news/northcarolina/coronavirus-meatpacking-plants-data/  -Meatpacking plants, agriculture, and other industries are responsbile for most of the Covid cases (especially in our rural counties), and they're being ignored again.  College students acting badly gets more clicks than meatpacking plants, construction companies and others, refusing to protect their workers.
You’re right.
>It did not and does not have to be this way. The sooner everyone in the US accepts what the rest of the world already knows;  >Science trumps. politics.   >the sooner this will be behind us.  science is great and all, but the bigger factor among the countries which have kinda got a handle on this is they also have a functioning social safety net
> I'm not optimistic. The trump response has been tragically and horrifyingly incompetent. trump's failure at all levels to control the pandemic is inexcusable especially when considered in light of the success of so many other countries.  I agree with you. I do think though that if NC can get the numbers down enough and hopefully by 9/11 when Phase II is set to expire, we can slowly get to opening things up with restrictions.   I am hopeful, but it may not happen with people still not wearing masks and a whole lot of people thinking COVID is not a worry then having 400 people parties.
The rolling 7 day average is wayyy down from the high from about a month ago. How about we see a few more days of data before we take a swan dive from the 20th floor window.
Jesus.. there’s a lot of anger here. All I’m saying let’s not read too much into one seemingly outlier data point, when most of the recent data has been pretty positive.   Also, I suspect we will have multiple effective vaccines  by January-February, which would probably limit the likelihood of multiple waves in the coming years.
I believe you’re the one cheery picking the data here...   Data from the last month says cases are decreasing. Data from literally only yesterday says cases are increasing.  Also the Flu epidemic infected 1/3 of the population. It did not kill 1/3 of the world’s population.

Trump Still Downplays Risk As Colleges Reopen And Campus Coronavirus Cases Surge

rule 5

100 Students test positive for coronavirus at UNC's Granville Towers.
Edit: Article just released: https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/unc-reports-coronavirus-clusters-in-student-housing-at-ehringhaus-community-and-granville-towers/19235920/Blurb:More than 100 students have tested positive for coronavirus at UNC's Granville Towers — The North Carolina State Health Department is urging all UNC students at Granville Towers, Ehringhaus and Hinton James to get tested for the coronavirus. As of yesterday there were 102 positive cases of the coronavirus identified at UNC-CH's Granville Towers. Several more students are having to quarantine after being in contact with someone who was infected
gonna be interesting to see how colleges across the country wriggle out of any legal responsibility for this
That’s not Granville that’s ehaus
Damn. 3 of my friends from high school are all in that area. Hopefully they bailed before these cases were found.
I bet out of the 100 students,  none of them will die.  Anyone disagree?
[“It wasn’t me” ](https://youtu.be/T_x6QmuJdms) /s
I think the small print says, we aren't responsible if you get covid.
Probably none will die. However, with such a large outbreak, the likelihood of that outbreak staying contained to that dorm is pretty low, wouldn't you say?  Also, there are negative outcomes to this disease other than death. Heart and lung damage, potentially long term, has occurred in many young people. This damage could shorten their lifespan and ruin their quality of life. I don't like the implication that because everyone survives, everyone is fine.
Almost certainly won't.  The main risk isn't to the college students but to the older people who they spread the virus to.  Young people do, sometimes, die.  But that number is way less than 1-in-100.

New coronavirus cases climb to over 2,000 for first time in August :: WRAL.com

Back to school...
Luckily we are starting to see overall decreases across cases, percent positive test and hospitalizations.  We need to keep up and get more people wearing masks and social distancing, and not let our kiddos in school and college spread COVID around risking yet another bump up in cases, which lead to an eventual bump up in deaths.
So, we are trending DOWN, but WRAL posts a story about HOW BAD IT IS and the RECORDS WE ARE BREAKING... intentional or not?
Gyms won’t open probably for another year. What a joke....
Roy cooper is gonna keep bars eternally shutdown now at this point :((
The only way to not have college kids spread it is to not have college campuses full of students.
Trending down and this could be an indication that that trend may be stopping or reversing. Plenty of places have gone down and then back up when people started relaxing their personal precautions (or the gov't relaxed policies) because they were overly comforted by a narrative of "we're trending down."
It's results on one day. It's news worthy because it's a milestone. It doesn't mean anything more than that. There could be a multitude of reasons for why they are this high today that aren't indicative of where we are in the fight to stop the spread. Look at the data over 2 week increments, not one day. Look at data for more than just cases. Tests done, percent of test positive, and hospitalizations all should be going down or at least stay stable.
You can’t cherry-pick details to fit your narrative. We also trended down significantly—somewhere in the neighborhood of 50%—in the number of tests we’ve conducted. Less testing could naturally result in fewer positive results while the actual prevalence of the disease could, in fact, be increasing, or running steady state. People need to stop jumping to simplistic conclusions that fail to consider the broader picture. People who are not scientists or public health experts should just stfu, take the advice of the professionals, and quit trying—ad nauseam—to politicize a public health issue, or outsmart the experts.
It's the selective reporting.  Just a few days before this climb to over 2000, we hit the lowest number since late May (564 on 8/17/2020).  And, hospitalizations have dropped significantly. You say you can't cherry-pick details, but that is exactly what this article did.
who gives you the right to tell people to shut the fuck up. This is the internet, everyone can speak. It's people like you that caused there to be a need for the First Amendment. Eat a dick motherfucker.
Omg....
Boohoo. So what do you make if it, Einstein? Are they out to get you?
Awww…boohoo. Many speak. Few know wtf they’re talking about.
ROFL, just pointing out that they have a political narrative as well.  It's ignorant to think that just because it is a news organization means that it doesn't have political bias and agenda.  It doesn't take much effort to find the data to fit whatever narrative you want to push.  Publishing articles that look at only one side of the stats shows a political bias.
Knowledge is not beholden to "the few". This is only what "the few" attempt to impose on the many, stay silent because you are dumb. People reserve the right to make their own judgement, and this is what you see happening today.
It’s ignorant to *assume* everything you read has a political agenda, you paranoid, Chicken Little dipshit. The pandemic is a public health issue. Period. Trump wants you to believe the media are trying to paint his leadership during the pandemic as a failure when, in fact, his leadership—during the pandemic and otherwise—has been an unmitigated disaster, and an abject failure of fucking epic proportions.   Mildly schizophrenic political sheep like you have been taking cues from TV political pundits from the outset. The irony is, you’re absolutely fucking paranoid about getting played by those evil left-wing media, but too fucking gullible to recognize that you’re being played by right-wing politicians. So, for those of you in Rio Linda, I’ll say it again: the pandemic is a __*fucking public health issue*__, not a political issue.  WRAL doesn’t set public response guidelines. State governments do, based on the advise of *scientists and public health officials*. Not sure why this has to be explained to some of you morons 86 fucking times.   Moreover, the article that you want to say neglects the fact of the overall decline in hospitalizations, actual features—prominently—a graph that frames the spike in daily cases *in the context of an overall decline in hospitalizations*. So, remind me again how it’s one-sided political propaganda.
I noticed you don’t make any defense of your original suggestion that perhaps WRAL was “intentionally” misreporting the facts, simply because you’re unable to grasp the disconnect between the generally improving numbers and the day to day case counts. I even explained to you how that could happen, and you immediately launched into a rant about your First Amendment rights, and the requisite suggestion of a friendly game of fellatio, of course. The First Amendment gives you the right to say anything you want. It’s up to you to make sure you know what you’re talking about.  I’ll say it again: there is not necessarily an absolute correlation between daily case totals and overall disease prevalence, particularly when you have fluctuating variables like the number of tests being performed. Whether you like it or not, these are the facts that belie your conspiracy theory suspicions.
Wow, you sure did assume and extrapolate quite a bit from my response.  I didn't state anything about how to handle the pandemic other than agreeing with an OP, after you attacked them, that the article was biased.  Approaching the pandemic should not be political, but it is, especially in an election year.  There is a balance of how and when to reopen, and it is more about political posturing than putting the best interest of the citizens first. It's not as simple as one side or the other will tell you, it never is. Many people, and apparently yourself, are so dug in to their position that they are not objective, and don't try to be.  There seems there is no reason to listen to the other people and arguments because they are all liars and frauds.  Guess what, you can find that in almost all politicians and news organizations, not just the ones that oppose your view.  But, you seem to be that type of person that would rather engage in cheap insults, vulgarities and personal attacks, while making assumptions rather than have a civil discussion.  So, more power to you with that.
Why should I make a defense of something you just made up.   I never said anything about misreporting, 2,000 cases is a data point. I think the news is intentionally guiding conversations and thought with headlines, its misleading, rather than misreporting.  Your pathetic attempt to fan yourself and say, I was just explaining to you facts, but in fact your initial response was to say shut the fuck up, in which your entitled to show your true colors of public discourse as you wish, as do I.   The current news is that the graphical data is and has been trending down, even the redditor senator posted about it in a half hearted way. When things were all going up it was much more in depth, I noticed.  Yet the headline of the day from WRAL, "Rona cases climb to over 2,000 for the first time in August." is that Intentional or Not?   To headline a "milestone" as you put it, like we are aching and cheering for this and can't wait for more of this type of news, is ridiculous when it actually does seem like we are heading in the right direction with the "Data".  Go look at the graphs, they are all the same... the hump is there and the trend is down, it's a fact.  You can say anything you want twice, but you have stated zero facts, just column headings such as daily cases, overall disease prevalence, number of tests performed. This comment wasn't about facts of the current situation. This was about presenting a warped headline driven view of the situation, which is why most news agencies are failing because the media is no longer relevant because of this style of reporting. Which of course, you are defending, because I couldn't possibly be able to understand the X axis on a graph and disconnect that from the line and the arc of the graph, each of which is entitled to its own headline and has meaningful relevance on its own for sure... right?
> But, you seem to be that type of person that would rather engage in cheap insults, vulgarities and personal attacks, while making assumptions rather than have a civil discussion.  So, more power to you with that.  No one is obliged to entertain your baseless conspiracy theories. It’s hard to be nice to stupid. I don’t even try anymore. You listen, but you do not hear, so you’re not worth talking to.
>Approaching the pandemic should not be political, but it is, especially in an election year.   This statement is a prime example of your ignorance. The politicization of the pandemic is utterly dependent upon __*regular people exactly like you*__ insisting that it’s political. You want to point to the media when, *in fact*, gullible, malleable people like __*you*__ *are* the problem.
It’s political *only* for gullible sheep like you, dumbass. The rest of us are following public health guidelines and advice.
I didn’t say “milestone.” That was someone else. And, you clearly don’t get it so, again, please stfu.
No, you don't get it, so you shut the fuck up. You can't silence the truth, and the fact that your resort to telling someone to shutup shows you are an ignorant piece of shit who would rather just silence an opposing opinion and brigade against a failing idea you are married to. This isn't North Korea, China, or Russia, go move there if this is what type of world you'd love to live in, "Believe in the knowledgeable few and shutup" it won't be tolerated around here.  Most people understand what a "spike in the data" is and what the "catalyst for the spike" is, sending kids back to schools and colleges before it is time. Greed and Fear are strong drivers for poor decision making.  The hope is the cases will continue to decline after these kids quarantine themselves and continue remote learning so we can continue to see this downward trend.  A fair, objective, and honest headline would've been: "Coronavirus Cases spike to over 2,000 cases in August after sending kids back to schools and colleges."   Which this is the ultimate point I was trying to make. You just made it more exciting. Thanks!
Ha, ha, ha. Learn some grammar and punctuation. While you’re at it, take a look at the proper use of quotations.   The article you have your panties in a wad about simply reported updated factual data. Not sure what your problem is, or your point for that matter, but you keep on beating that dead horse.
Don’t pop a vein.

Wolfpack sports on hold after 27 cases of coronavirus found within athletic programs :: WRALSportsFan.com

If only they could have known something like this could happen
I mean, let's be honest, Wolfpack sports have been on hold for quite a few years now.
Oh lawd here we go again
Duran Duran: hungry like a wolf comes to mind. Not a sports person so I could honestly care less but I do wish for a complete and quick recovery for all those infected. Looking so forward to 2021.
too soon man....too soon
my heart breaks for all the nike and adidas reps out of work because there's no kids to sign under the table endorsement deals with
If more people don't take COVID seriously, we'll be dealing with all of this in 2021 as well :(
That's so true. What about the unemployed children! No endorsements means less merch to make.

At least 8 coronavirus cases reported at Moore County Schools :: WRAL.com

Updated to "at least 10" cases this morning.
Daily reminder:  [the GOP is a death cult.](https://twitter.com/jdickerson/status/1297568912540917762)
Shit, I live there
Looking at the enrollment #s, that is about 0.08% of the students, right? Just want to make sure we're looking at the numbers.
Woohoooo that’s my county, baby!
Seriously, is anybody actually surprised?

At least 10 coronavirus cases reported at Moore County Schools :: WRAL.com

Duplicate submission removed:  https://www.reddit.com/r/NorthCarolina/comments/ig8s85/at_least_8_coronavirus_cases_reported_at_moore/

Amid spread of coronavirus on campus, NCSU tells students to move out of dorms

This could’ve been avoided if they had just gone 100% online and never opened the dorms to begin with. We are never gonna shake this shit at this rate.
Woodson declined to point fingers at anyone for the rapid spread of the virus, but he noted that it started with off-campus activities and in off-campus housing and that there has been no spread because of in-person classes or research conducted on campus.  typical politician response...not to point fingers BUT......but dont worry, football opener still on!!!!!
Hope the teachers are ok!
$$$$  College is a business.  They got paid.
 So, they're being sent home to infect their families?
> football opener still on  What.
No it's not. Got postponed two weeks
but it is still on.......in two weeks.....we are both correct!

NC reports 2,091 new cases of coronavirus, highest daily number this month :: WRAL.com

It’s real hard not to jump to the conclusion it’s the schools.
Cooper is probably pulling his hair out by now :(
Seems we might be seeing that uptick due to school starts :(   What's seems problematic is that death rates are being pretty stubborn (and not going down yet), but we had a very long period of high case numbers.
I know my first week at GTCC was filled with instructors blatantly ignoring the state mandated guidelines for social distancing and the like. When bought up to one of the Deans on campus, I was quickly prompted with threats of suspension of my financial aid (which I obviously know is not possible)...  &#x200B;  It's such a joke.
Arizona which had reached a crazy level has had rates that have been steadily dropping and is at 187 cases reported yesterday. The level of new positive cases seen here is quite disappointing.
Well that decrease was nice while it lasted.
What are the chances we might go back to phase 1? :( I really hope not my mental health can’t take phase 1 again
cases......
Hospitalizations are continuing to decrease
To date, NC has had about 1% of the total population of the state test positive.   To date, .02% of NC's population has died due to covid.   Significantly more people die every year of cancer, heart disease, accidents, respiratory disease, stroke, and alzheimers. Matter of fact, NC, has suffered about the same number of deaths by covid as they do by flu. In recent years, NC has had more drug overdose deaths that we have covid deaths this year.   I'm not saying not to wear a mask or not take precautions, just asking to keep this in perspective. And for all of those that want to claim that the shutdowns helped keep these numbers low, we could double the number of deaths from covid and still not even be in the ballpark of how many people die from accidents and overdoses each year.  edit - I love how so many people on this sub want to blast republicans for "alternative facts" or being "science deniers", yet when confronted with facts that don't comport to their own views all they can do is downvote.
There will be another, smaller uptick with private schools trying to play fall sports soon. No matter what, the idiots in our state are forcing the rest of us to suffer.   We need to start giving out fines. Too many people are ignoring the safety rules and are ruining it for everyone who actually is staying home. It feels like people have just decided it magically went away, despite nothing changing.
His goal is to drag this out as long as possible, so this probably is good news for him.
It’s just such an unnatural way to live that it takes its toll on humans, unless you’re the Unibomber.   Even my cat is like...have you lost your job? You have enough money for cat food right?
I think if the state attempted to re-impose Phase 1 you'd see the restaraunts revolt with the blessing of local law enforcement.  Plenty had reopened early.  The restaraunts aren't the problem, they're mostly doing things right, and they're not drawing a lot of business unfortunately.  It's mostly anti-maskers in crowded spaces, and mass gatherings that are the problem.
They are a lagging factor. Just like why deaths haven't gone down, they are an even further lagging factor. The first thing to look for is CLI (which hasn't been updated this week) in the ER, then increase in cases (which we are seeing), then hospitalizations (couple weeks away if we don't get numbers down), then deaths (which are still up).   None of the numbers are 'real' time assessments of whats going on today.   You comment enough to know this information, and yet decide to deny it.
>Matt of fact, NC, has suffered about the same number of deaths by covid as they do by flu.  Stop lying and stop trying to compare COVID-19 to influenza. NC had ~200 flu deaths in [2018](https://epi.dph.ncdhhs.gov/cd/flu/figures/flu1819.pdf), we've had 2,600 and counting COVID-19 deaths so far this year.
Drag what out as long as possible? Do you think he’s getting a benefit from rising Covid cases?
I don't think we see much of an increase this time in hospitalizations though, as this wave will be mostly college students.  You'll see a slight uptick.  Also I think we'll start trending down again in 2-3 weeks due to increased mask usage like we were.  This was a mistake, but one that is being corrected.
He is getting a benefit from keeping things shut down as long as possible.
How could he be? I see keeping things shut down as making the health of our citizens a priority. Lol, I feel like I’m having a Woosh moment here.
He really isn't.  It's making him look bad.  The only silver lining is that it makes Forest look just as bad if not worse.
Not so much a whoosh as it is that you've run into one of the, uh, special people.
Thank you for proving my point.
Yes that one is quite...special.  Edit: Words
Hahaha it’s Mr. Adios Assclown! Back so soon?
You’re trolling a sub member now.

4 people at the RNC in Charlotte test positive for coronavirus, county says

Typical clickbait crappy journalism...  All 4 were turned away from the event when they tested positive at the door...two of them were local residents who were there as staff. You were probably shopping along side them at Walmart this past week where they were not turned away from.
😮 I'm shocked! /s
omg 4 whole people? I wonder if anyone got influenza too, it's almost time again.
https://i.imgflip.com/42dddp.jpg
Huh. I thought the pandemic was over.   /S obviously
OMG 4 PEOPLE TESTED POSTIVE I guess that means we should go back to phase 1 for another 5 years am I right Roy Cooper fans?
Ok...what's the point?  Covid is everywhere.  Life must go on.  The vaccine is being released Nov. 4th.im sure lol.   Even at DNC stated that the covid will be over by then. And then you got Dems saying if Biden doesn't get the office of POTUS, we (will) have problems.  Now we being threaten.  SMH
Good
Is your argument that the 4 people that didn't test positive before travel and then tested positive at the convention.. *probably only spread it around somewhere else in NC and not at the doors of the convention that almost 800 other people were going in and out of? And that isn't news worthy?*
That is good news if true. What is your source?  Unless I missed it in the article, they weren't really clear about the timeline. The closest I could find was [this article](https://www.usnews.com/news/health-news/articles/2020-08-28/four-people-at-republican-national-convention-test-positive-for-coronavirus), which also isn't clear about the timeline or possible exposure, but does seem to indicate the two locals from Charlotte might have been caught quickly:  >Ahrens said the two attendees initially tested negative prior to travel to Charlotte and the Charlotte locals who planned to volunteer at the event tested positive upon arrival and they were all sent home.  Edit: A similar quote was in the original article, but I missed it...however as explained in my other comment, grammar wise it still isn't a very clear statement.
Don’t think anyone saw this coming. /s
\#same
Gosh, they've beaten it four or five times now, I've lost count. Sounds like they're planning to beat it again right after the election, but only if they're elected.
If that’s what it takes.
They may also be referring to the fact that it's been botched severely up to this point, and we got a week's worth of promises of more of the same wrapping up last night.
I'd love you to be right so much I'd love to see a source for the vaccine news.
I would think it more likely that Trump will pull every string that he can to make sure that the vaccine release is announced right before Halloween. Calling it right now, because everything about his approach suggests that's his strategy
I am NOT saying it is not worth reporting...   If someone who is COVID positive showed up at your house and you turned them away...it would be slightly inaccurate for your HOA to send out a memo warning the neighborhood that you had COVID positive guests at your house.  Personally I do not think that its the best idea for any of these rallies DNC/RNC to be taking place right now the way they are. Regardless of whether they are testing, social distancing, or wearing masks they are still flying all over the country and spreading this crap around. You know just as well as I do that some only wear masks when a camera is around...regardless of their political affiliation.
Its there, buried in the article...its MSM, so they want you to read the headline and draw immediate conclusion and finger pointing.   “Out of roughly 1,000 tests administered, two RNC attendees, despite having negative tests prior to travel, and two Charlotte locals who planned to serve as event support staff tested positive upon arrival,” said Michael Ahrens, a spokesman for the RNC. “All were sent home.”
Real problem is that those that did see it coming won't get credit for trying to help stop it!
I agree with that.  We all need life to get back to normal is the biggest thing we all need
I don't think that would be slightly inaccurate at all. I would like my neighbors to know that COVID positive guests had been to my house. There's a possibility I contracted the virus while I was telling them to leave. Maybe those people are going door-to-door to my neighbors. Some of my neighbors are seniors with respiratory problems who are the most at-risk. People walk their dogs and go to and from work here. They go get groceries. Almost an exact parallel
Grammar wise, I don't think that is what it says.  It is missing two commas and without them it, like the above quote from US News, only indicates the two staff members tested positive before the event.  It would need to say:  >“Out of roughly 1,000 tests administered, two RNC attendees, despite having negative tests prior to travel, and two Charlotte locals**, who planned to serve as event support staff,** tested positive upon arrival,” said Michael Ahrens, a spokesman for the RNC. “All were sent home.”  Without those two commas, they are two independent statements and only the support staff tested positive upon arrival.   It could just be bad grammar, clumsy wording, or a misquote, but it really isn't all that clear exactly how much exposure there was, like whether they were at any pre-events, how long they were in town for before they were diagnosed, how many people they exposed outside of the event, etc. Hopefully the after-report the county mentioned will include more info on this.   Still great news though, as it sounds like the precautions they were taking had some positive impact, even if they were lacking in other ways.

Your Coronavirus Test Is Positive. Maybe It Shouldn’t Be. (NC test in article)

This is insane. The idea here is "well you do have it but you may not be contagious so there is no need to know if you have it"  Contagious is not the only reason you want to know, people have medical issues from having it and your insurance may not cover the care you need without a positive test. You may not know why you are facing the medical complications you are facing.
Removed: rule 5
My mom had a doctor who didn’t tell her things she had ‘because there’s no treatment and it won’t really cause any problems’. Life insurance accused her of fraud for not reporting — she knew nothing about it. They were horrified her doc never told her. It was Epstein-Barr, which is now thought to be an issue in several conditions. He retired only 4 years ago.
Thanks for the blurb, but this is a terrible article. Why do testing at all, why not flip a coin!?!  Seriously, let's do the best job we can to detect the virus. Masks and testing are all we've got to limit spread right now
> Why do testing at all, why not flip a coin!?!  Unfortunately due to the 'rapid' development of most tests and many only having emergency use only, they are pretty terrible tests. But more of throwing false negatives rather than false positive, especially in the case of immunofluorescence tests, which are much faster than PCR tests.
Hey.... I know that internet name. 😄  It sounds like the tests aren't the greatest and that's one of the main tools we have. Soooo...... I guess we're gonna get herd immunity (if it's even possible) the hard way, eh?
> Soooo...... I guess we're gonna get herd immunity (if it's even possible) the hard way, eh?  Loooong way off before we get to herd immunity unfortunately, and if people can get reinfected, herd immunity wouldn't work.
Oh yeah, agreed when it comes to "herd immunity". I'm expecting yearly vaccinations like the flu if/when we have a **legit** vaccine.

