Covid-19 Testing
Hey,Does anyone know a place that’s doing free or cheap covid testing today?
Try CVS. Takes almost a week for results tho.   Edit- also heard Walgreens is doing it with a quicker turn around time.    Found this site also. I don’t know what other places charge or if they charge at all.    https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/about-covid-19/testing/find-my-testing-place
Try UNC. They have a Covid line and the turn around time is faster. You may need a referral from a doctor but I’m not sure. I got my results back in less than a day.
FastMed is doing it. I think it’s $50 out of pocket, most insurance covers 100%. They process through LabCorp and are estimating 4-day turnaround. Check in/reserve online, though, and you will get in quicker.
You can test yourself at home any day you want for free.   I don't know why nobody ever talks about this.   https://www.pixel.labcorp.com/at-home-test-kits/covid-19-test  I ordered, got the test in the mail 2 days later, used the included return box to overnight the sample to LabCorp, and got my results online 2 days later. It cost me nothing. Insurance plans cover covid testing 100% with no copays or deductibles, and there's federal funding for testing if you're uninsured.
^I went to FastMed. Super quick and painless, and with insurance I paid nothing. But yeah... it was a 3 day turnaround for results.
Did anyone here test positive?
https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/   There are a couple of drive through dates upcoming.  Testing s/b less than $100 at most places.
I just took someone to FastMed on Creedmoor; results take a week, but it was free.
I did it through UNC. The turnaround time was a day and a half but getting an appointment required multiple interviews and answering the same questions repeatedly on the phone, online, and in person. It took several hours out of two days to even get an appointment. I hope other people had better experiences.  (The result in the end was fortunately negative.)
I tried cvs and Walgreens I can’t seem to get an appointment hahaha...   I’ll check out that website, thank you. Thank you so much for responding.
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
Game changer. Wow. Thank you very much.
At-home testing strongly relies on you being able to perform the nasal swab on yourself correctly. Having seen videos, it does not look like an easy thing to do yourself. I probably would avoid this option if you can get tested by a medical professional
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
Ttys I you very much
Thank you very much
I probably brought it to the lab.
There’s a questionnaire and if you don’t have enough symptoms CVS won’t let you book an appointment because tests are limited.
Good luck, I hope you and yours are all safe and healthy
You have bad information. You've seen videos of an older, more invasive test that is rarely done now. The LabCorp test is just sticking the end of a q-tip in your nose, just until you can't see the cotton, and swirling it around the tip inside each nostril. It's NOT the long swab that goes into your nasal canal, and you are specifically told NOT to insert the q-tip into your nasal canal.
Oh yeah I know. It was letting me search for available appointments but I couldn’t book one at any store from Hillsborough to Fayetteville.
This is true. I did a self-test at CVS and it wasn't bad at all.
Huh, that’s interesting! I didn’t know that! Do you know if the test is as accurate as the long swab? I thought the long swab was done to get a good sample of the virus. Can you actually detect it reliably with a shorter swab?
You can read about that in the emergency use authorization granted by the FDA:  https://www.fda.gov/media/136151/download  If I'm reading it right, their testing showed 100% concordance between results of their test, an alternative test, and samples sent to the North Carolina Department of Health for independent testing.  They also performed a usability study and self-collection validation to see if real participants (people like you and me) could properly self-collect a sample and ship it back and every participant in the study was successful.

Please help me get my PhD! Need Research Participants for Dissertation Study at NCSU due to COVID-19 halting in-person data collection. It's on digital communication!
 Summary: Are you bored and looking for something to do during the quarantine? Participate in a research study on digital communication and help at NCSU grad student! :)Details: Hi Everyone! I hope you are all staying safe and sane during this quarantine! So COVID-19 meant I had to halt data collection for my dissertation research which compares different communication mediums (e.g., computer vs VR) in terms of communication, social presence, and feelings of connection. I have altered the VR and computer conditions to be completely online, but now I need participants who have about an hour to spare. If you do, I would greatly appreciate your help! For a full list of eligibility requirements and what the study entails, please see the recruitment flyer (link here: [https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC\_XI4ANYIm\_Cm8Eqg](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC_XI4ANYIm_Cm8Eqg)).If I sparked your interest and you would like to sign up for the study, here is a link to the scheduler survey: [https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF](https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF).Stay safe everybody!And thanks so much to those who have already signed up!Note: I've had a couple of people ask me about the 20/20 corrected or natural vision requirement so I'll go ahead and answer that question here. :) Basically, you can participate if you wear glasses or contacts, I just ask that you are wearing them during the study. If your vision doesn't correct totally to 20/20 but it's pretty close and you can still see everything pretty well, that is fine too.
Can we sign up if we don’t have our own VR platform, and then just only participate if we get assigned the Zoom condition?   My schooling has been delayed 5 months bc of Covid so I can empathize...
Same question, I don't have a VR system but I'm totally down to help out if I can!
Yes! That would be very helpful!
Yes!! That would be super helpful!! Feel free to sign up!!
Aright, will do :-)

Coworker with Covid-19 symptoms ADVICE PLZ

I would give an anonymous tip to the department of health informing them of your employer. They will shut him down immediately. He is putting all of his employees and customers at risk and is choosing to ignore it to make money. Smh! This is exactly why our numbers will continue to increase.
Perhaps try NC 211 and ask how to report an employer who is knowing putting people’s safety at risk?  https://raleighnc.gov/COVID-19 Or  https://www.nc.gov/covid19
Fuck it, go big or go home. Call WRAL and agree to speak on condition of anonymity
I had COVID-19 and I can't emphasize enough how big of a red flag the fatigue is. That was my most prevalent and long-lasting symptom - once the 104 degree fever, body aches, chills, and hallucinations passed, of course. The fatigue lingered for *weeks* after the flu-like symptoms were gone. Is there a reason your coworker hasn't pursued testing?
Total guess here, my out of concern for yourself, at least, maybe OSHA? [https://www.labor.nc.gov/safety-and-health/occupational-safety-and-health/safety-and-health-complaint-or-concern](https://www.labor.nc.gov/safety-and-health/occupational-safety-and-health/safety-and-health-complaint-or-concern)   For COVID-specific complaints, I’m not sure if the Health Dept is handling them. I can try to dig if nobody else has an answer.
Anonymously report it to me in a PM and I'll take care of it
I'm gonna be honest, the labor department in NC is run by Cherie Berry who is a republican shill who refuses to defend workers. The DSA and United Electrical workers [created a program](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSerf2QzafRMvvM1zjr8Oynz4ZYZ_bQ1U0cKJ5eeWclnT8yCgA/viewform) to help workers organize and defend our health during the pandemic. They can walk you through how to talk to your co-workers and make demands from your bosses that will keep you safe. You can read about how they helped Jimmy Johns employees get [paid sick leave](https://jacobinmag.com/2020/06/united-electrical-workers-workplace-organizing-dsa). Feel free to DM me if you have any questions!
If you’re unified and stand up, your boss should be the one who’s afraid. You’re not doing yourself or your family any favours by putting yourself at risk. Please stay safe
" He is in contact with customers wearing a mask, but he is taking payments with credit cards and handing them back to customers"  You really need to name the business for public safety.
You could try safejobssavelives@gmail.com  It’s from UE150 locally   http://ue150.org
Name the business here. We'll take care of the rest.
Ok.... I think you have at least a small obligation to at least tell us the business so we know not to go there.
Name the damn restaurant, this is not OK.
Just make sure this goes back on the employer, not the employee. Otherwise, you're the bad guy.
> He does not seem to be willing to get tested.  Also, what the hell!  The tests are free and it will get him his sick time!
May want to try posting in r/covidassholecompanies and r/covidcoratings  I don’t understand why he is taking temperatures if he isn’t following through with getting staff tested or making sure his employees stay safe..
What are you afraid to lose more, your job or your life?
OP, please make this public somehow. I know many people who are going to GREAT lengths to stay as safe as possible and I'm infuriated that a business would dare to blatantly risk the health of their employees and customers. At the very least this business needs to be outed so that high risk folks can stay far, far away.
NPR just did a story and talked about how OSHA has guidelines for COVID but isn’t really enforcing anything.   https://www.npr.org/2020/07/04/887239204/many-say-osha-not-protecting-workers-during-covid-19-pandemic
OSHA is completely useless unless they have a law or regulation to enforce, and their rulemaking process takes years.   I would say they've been worthless during this pandemic, but the truth is they are constantly rolling out guidance based on outdated CDC publications, so the truth is they've actually been worse than worthless.
Thank goodness she's not running again.
Yeah and then they’re all out of a job. Reddit mob mentality at its finest... 🙄
Ugh, that’s a bummer.
That’s a real shame—are you referring to things at the state level or all over?
Yeah hopefully people will start to pay attention to who is running for it after COVID shows how important it is to have a good person in there
Really?  Hopefully whoever replaces her to sign the thingies on elevators has an equally cool name and neat signature, which seems to be Cherie Berry's sole qualification.
Ah, yes, because economic status is more important than people’s literal lives.  Our government (at all levels) should be doing everything it can to mitigate this, and they’re doing next to nothing.
Or, IDK, maybe they just get to work from home and/or paid quarantine / sick leave like would happen in any civilized society?
Good question. Federal OSHA has been the one rolling out useless and often outdated guidance, with no mechanism for enforcement, but our state DOL-OSH has been equally useless.
Fun fact: it's pronounced Shur-*ee* Berry. As in, her first name **doesn't** rhyme with cherry 🍒  Totally ruined it for me.
Any chance you have a link to the guidance they’re putting out (so I can see what they’re looking for and how bad it is right now)?   I’m working on a sort of similar project right now (for my job) and am wondering if there is a way to get involved and help get the State, at least, get out of its own way in terms of getting good, current evidence out there on a rolling basis. It’s a long shot, but I’m doing the work anyway, so it doesn’t hurt to ponder another way to package and distribute the info...
Damn. You can't sing Aerosmith to a Shur-ee.  I feel betrayed.

Covid-19 Vaccine Study Available
 [https://www.wakeclinical.com/studies/?rid=&fbclid=IwAR0UcF1dezeHqJ96l79yHYCSQKxG7MwWR8MAThNUz93rxbuII7KNLnJsejw](https://www.wakeclinical.com/studies/?rid=&fbclid=IwAR0UcF1dezeHqJ96l79yHYCSQKxG7MwWR8MAThNUz93rxbuII7KNLnJsejw)
The website doesn’t seem to list which trials before wanting you to enter all of your information.
When I click on the link it shows all the open trials in Durham and Raleigh. Pick Covid-19 from the list depending on which city.

Find the helpers! Thanks to all the helpers giving their time, energy and knowledge in helping others get through and survive the coronavirus pandemic! We will get through this together and must do everything we can to keep each other safe! What have you all been doing to keep each other safe?

Buying online gift cards from local businesses that are struggling so that they can operate without me going in their stores. Ordering takeout online to reduce the amount of contact time inside. Preparing to deliver my school instruction online (and teaching online once our year gets rolling). Donating to organizations that help those who can't afford to stay home.
Staying home. Wearing a mask when I can’t stay home. Giving money to the food bank.
Love the post!  I offer free resume/coverletter assistance to folks who lost their job to the pandemic and are looking for work (or anticipate looking for work soon!).  Info here for anyone in need: www.dannycriscenzo.com/covid19
I spent the spring and first part of the summer delivering meals for [Durham FEAST](https://www.durhamfeast.org/).  (Time for a plug) Though this program just ended, the DPS Foundation (a charity that helps out with Durham Public Schools) needs a lot of help for the upcoming school year. They're especially in need of resources for their [HOPE Network](https://www.bullcityschools.org/hope), especially large indoor or outdoor spaces where students who need a safe space to gather for remote school lessons and tutoring help for those students.
Staying home, wearing a mask when I don’t stay home, ordering groceries online to limit my time in shared spaces, avoiding crowded outdoor recreation, never eating at a restaurant even if outdoor accommodations are in place, and frequently driving through crowded non-masked areas to yell out of the car that LITERALLY THIS IS WHY WE ARE ALL STILL MISERABLE, and letting covidiots know this is how they’re all gonna die.   Y’know, it’s the small things.

