Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jun 30 (-10%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 128 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 72 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 7.7%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.3%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-10%), on Jul 15, we would expect to have seen 913 new cases since today (65 per day, a decrease of 7 per day compared to the current period).
seems bad, but improving, right?
The rate at which things are getting better has gotten slightly worse :(
This is extremely helpful and valuable! Wouldn’t it also be telling to do a yesterday versus today comparison? This seems positive in a more macro sense, but yesterday was somewhere in the 800s and so yesterday to today is likely somewhere between 8-9% increase in cases. That may be too narrow to draw conclusions, and may ignore % positive (not just total cases). Still, 6/29-6/30 seems like a bad 24 hours of increases. And the surge in cases over the last 2-3 weeks may mask our situation because it’s easy to see decline after such a surge, but the total cases are still too high. I could be reading into things wrong, but this has been my thinking recently
Do these tests correspond to Durham county residents or tests performed in Durham? Curious if data would be skewed by Duke Hospital.
Yeah, but I would expect some more volatility though in the weeks ahead
Getting worse at a slower rate.
Rather--the rate at which things are getting less bad has gotten slightly worse.
Yes, the total new cases reported yesterday (128) is the highest number we have seen for quite a while. But I would caution against putting too much stock in any single day change, whether up or down. This is why I have focused on the 2-week rolling average. The change from day to day simply reflects too much randomness in terms of when cases are tested and reported. The 2-week average smooths these factors out.  Now, if we continue to see these sorts of high numbers, it'll reflect in the rolling averages soon enough. But I don't think anyone needs to change their behavior necessarily off of a single day's report.
My understanding is that the case count is based on where the person lives. So these case counts would be all people with confirmed tests who are Durham County residents.  But just to be clear, these graphics are cases only, not tests. Where I mention the statistic around the positive rate, that is for NC overall.
It's residency based not testing based
yup with 4th coming up and hopefully no cops get trigger happy
To be clear, because the rate of change is still negative, things are getting better. Just less quickly than they were yesterday.
True!
Makes a lot of sense. Thanks!
I appreciate your work.  A negative rate of change with still positive new daily diagnosed cases.  A fair interpretation , of which there can multiple, is that things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Rate of change ...of *new cases* (which is itself a rate of change), yeah? So we're not accelerating, but we're still going fast.
Indeed.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 1 (-21%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 71 new cases and 2 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 67 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.6%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.0%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.4%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-21%), on Jul 16, we would expect to have seen 744 new cases since today (53 per day, a decrease of 14 per day compared to the current period).
Do you chart the cases over a longer period anywhere? I'd love to see the full path.
Thanks again. It looks like we are months away from getting near zero cases, even if we keep up this rate of decline. It might be interesting to add a "time to zero cases at this rate" measure to these updates, even if it's surely not really linear (or likely).
Don’t care. If you watch the news and worry every day it will drive you nuts. Enjoy time with your family.
Hey Durham Techies! If you have experience with matplotlib, imagemagick, or reddit's posting APIs I am trying to organize a project to replicate this at the state level for as many state subreddits as we can tackle together!     I have two issues I'm trying to tackle:  1. Build the graphic: [https://github.com/Freyert/reddit\_covid/issues/1](https://github.com/Freyert/reddit_covid/issues/1) 2. Post the graphic: [https://github.com/Freyert/reddit\_covid/issues/2](https://github.com/Freyert/reddit_covid/issues/2)  If you have interest in either let me know!
Do you have information on the percent positive rate in Durham?
Are these data on the rate of increase of new cases added or on the rate of increase of the total current cases?
You can see the path since March at the county data site.  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/  Here's what it looks like today:  https://imgur.com/jtIoYvA
This line chart shows the period-over-period rate of change since Durham Co started reporting back in March. So this does reflect everything that's out there.
To be clear, this graph is measuring a decline in the rate of increase of new cases, not a decline in total number of cases. At 0%, it means we added an equal number of new cases to the previous period, which indicates linear growth (much better than exponential growth which we had for a long while when the rate of increase was above 100%).  We have been a little below linear growth for a while, which indicates a movement back toward plateau, which is good news. Theoretically, if this trend of dropping increase continues, we will probably need another month of plateau before we are seeing more recoveries than new cases (which makes total cases go down). But that is hard to predict. Because the rate of decline might not match the rate of increase.  You can see in these graphs the previous time of negative increase was the plateau that made our government think Phases 1 and 2 would be ok.
Getting to zero might never happen (there are always cases of seasonal flu for example), but if we use 100 cases in a 2 week period as the benchmark, then we are looking at \~20 weeks to reach that point.  But of course, with the state as a whole seemingly having a higher transmission rate, there is probably a floor on new cases showing up in Durham Co. Where that floor is, I have no idea.
>  It looks like we are months away from getting near zero cases,  Is that our *goal* here?  I thought it was two weeks of declining cases (Durham and statewide):  https://www.vox.com/2020/5/28/21270515/coronavirus-covid-reopen-economy-social-distancing-states-map-data  >What’s the goal? A 10 percent drop in daily new coronavirus cases compared to two weeks ago and a 5 percent drop in cases compared to one week ago, based on data from the New York Times.  I guess you're referring to this:  >What’s the goal? Fewer than four daily new coronavirus cases per 100,000 people per day, based on data from the New York Times and Census Bureau.  -I'm not sure how realistic that is, given the explosion of cases within people in Durham who worked essential jobs, like construction and nursing homes.   Durham initially dropped the ball on that one, and is making strides to improve that now.
NCDHHS reports Durham county as 11%---but it looks like just a subset of tests and it fluctuates a lot. On the 29th they reported us as doing 250 tests with somewhere between 12% and 15% positive.       [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing)
New cases.
Super interesting graph! The red line is hard to read, though, I wonder why it's not using the other scale on the graph.
https://globalepidemics.org/key-metrics-for-covid-suppression/  To see how Durham county is doing overall an in comparison to all other counties. This shows the numbers of cases per 100,000 residents.
I think maybe you directed your anger at the disjointed messaging we've had about cases, infection rates, benchmarks for policy changes and whatnot at someone who was asking out of curiosity how long it would take a line with a given slope to reach zero. It just reads as kind of hostile.
The goal keeps moving so we can stay locked down longer.
I really wish they would display the actual figures on that chart. It's somewhat useless as is.
Their scales are infuriating. Or lack of scales. Or whatever is going on there.
> It just reads as kind of hostile.  Didn't mean to be hostile, I just don't know to make of these various Covid case stories coming from Durham. Like this article that was posted two days ago:  [UNC doctor weighs in as COVID-19 cases surge among young people](https://www.cbs17.com/news/local-news/durham-county-news/were-letting-down-our-guard-unc-doctor-weighs-in-as-covid-19-cases-surge-among-young-people/)  >DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) – In the last month, a rising number of young people have tested positive for COVID-19 in North Carolina.   No mention at all in that story, about *who* these young people are, and the fact that it's disproportionately essential workers being infected.   >Dr. David Wohl a professor of medicine, Division of Infectious Diseases at the University of North Carolina -Chapel Hill said transmission has increased as businesses reopen and young people are not taking the right safety precautions.  >“We’re letting down our guard,” Wohl said. “It’s a lot of young people congregating indoors, not outside but indoors, without masks and that’s just asking for trouble.”  -The people being most impacted by this virus in Durham, are just treated as invisible, and I get upset by it
Whatever the laws are, it's gonna be the smart and considerate thing to do to more or less live like we are now for the next year or more. Get used to it and adapt, just be miserable, or callously make things more dangerous for everyone else. Up to you.
This might have been the narrative a month ago, but I haven't seen anything within the past few days that says this is still the case. Durham has specifically increased outreach over the past month with some progress - so at this point - unless there's more data - I'd take this doc at their word that at least some of this growth is in fact being driven by a certain demographic acting carelessly because they *just cannot anymore*, as has been the case all over the country.
Lowered your anti-latino dog whistle's pitch I see.
so please let me know your venmo so you can pay my bills. thanks!
> at least some of this growth is in fact being driven by a certain demographic acting carelessly because they just cannot anymore, as has been the case all over the country.  *Some* of this (covid cases) growth might be young people partying at the beaches and bars and wherever. IMO, a lot of these pundits are being intellectually dishonest about the rise in cases, and seem to blame it all on bar hoppers and beach goers.  Lets look at some of our Covid "hotspot" counties here in NC:  https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/hjlmse/four_nc_counties_reach_covid19_tipping_point_data/  >Last week, data collected by The New York Times put Sampson County on a list of 100 counties across the U.S. with the highest number of recent coronavirus cases per resident, McClatchy News reported. It’s the state’s top agriculture county, ranks second in hog production and is home to the country’s largest pork processing plant. As of Wednesday, The N&O reported its COVID-19 case rate was 166.8 per 10,000 people. The county has reported 1,060 cases to state health officials, and six people have died   [Indy Week has a good article covering the same things](https://indyweek.com/news/northcarolina/covid-19-meatpacking-plants/)  -A lot of "young people" (like 18-50, depending on what age range you're defining for young) work at these meat processing plants.  Without context, you might think there's bunch of partying and careless young people getting everyone sick in Sampson County.  Now, extend this to the rest of the state. Are all these people getting sick in Durham, just "young and careless"? No, they're getting sick from their workplaces. The same is going on in our neighboring counties; essential workers getting sick from their workplaces.  Like in Wake County, see the news releases at the bottom regarding all the latest nursing home outbreaks:  https://covid19.wakegov.com/
That's not how you adapt.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 2 (-3%)

I want to remind folks that the US is currently one of the worst countries in the world with COVID-19.  Things are going to get worse before they get better. Don't ease up on mask wearing and social distancing.
Its looking better for Durham but people should not loosen up. NC set another record high [https://abc11.com/health/covid-19-latest-nc-sees-highest-one-day-increase-in-new-cases/6294182/](https://abc11.com/health/covid-19-latest-nc-sees-highest-one-day-increase-in-new-cases/6294182/)
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 101 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 74 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.3%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.0%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.3%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-3%), on Jul 17, we would expect to have seen 1,015 new cases since today (72 per day, a decrease of 2 per day compared to the current period).
Aside from the case count record (and possibly more disconcerting), the positive rate for NC overall in the past two weeks is 8%. Highest we've seen so far.
NC has the highest number of hospitalizations today, which means the highest absolute number of very sick patients.  Our county, town, and state borders are highly permeable and we are very far from the end of this, especially if people lighten up on the measures we know work.

Testing: North Carlina COVID-19 Daily New Positive

Biggest thing I would offer as feedback is that you clearly label the axes. Is that a rolling average? Also should put dates on there (although the trend is the key element)
Bad graph
North Carlina huh?
I thought I would trial run this here, but I'm trying to build an automated system similar to u/zcapozzi's posts. I have no idea what I'm doing with graphing or imagemagick, but I wanted to see if I could get the end to end system working.  &#x200B;  Thanks for letting me try this our r/bullcity. You can check out the source code here: [https://github.com/Freyert/reddit\_covid](https://github.com/Freyert/reddit_covid)
It’s pretty crap. Peptobismol is not a great color.
I'm trial running a framework for building posts for every state subreddit from [https://covidtracking.com/](https://covidtracking.com/) aggregated data.  &#x200B;  Unfortunately they don't have city/county data, but I thought I would post here once to get feedback while the design is in the works.
O

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 3 (-1%)

I’m not understanding the data updates. The CDC.Gov page shows almost 4K total cases in Durham County and 63 deaths total. This is total since the beginning. I’ve been seeing these updates that show 1000 new cases every two weeks roughly. Am I mis reading that? It doesn’t seem to correlate to what the CDC has, so I think I’m misunderstanding the data above.
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 44 new cases and 1 death. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 73 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.1%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.4%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-1%), on Jul 18, we would expect to have seen 1,023 new cases since today (73 per day, a decrease of 0 per day compared to the current period).
Happy 4th don’t kair.
none of this data is accurate or can be trusted, the CDC admitted they would classify people under whatever category they want when it came to new corona cases. also, these numbers aren't that bad considering most of these patients WILL NOT die from Covid. don't share fake news. you're being an active part of the fearmongering going on right now, shame on you.
No, you are reading it correctly. If you want to check out the raw daily numbers, they are posted by the Durham Public Health Dept here:  [https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/)   If you are saying that 1k every two weeks should add up to more than 4k cases, it's only been in the last month that we've had such consistently high numbers of new cases.  You are right that if we'd had that many consistently since March, we would be way over 4k cases cumulatively.  If I'm missing your point, happy to explain further.
I’ll bite.   What don’t you care about? That the virus isn’t real? Or that you don’t care if you infect others?
All days matter
This is hilarious, thanks for the laugh!
No, your link is awesome. I see your graphic shows numbers but these are NEW case counts and only comparing to the two weeks prior in NEW case counts.  The link you provided goes into race, age, occupation, etc. very helpful.
I’d assume it has something to do with updated CDC mortality rates showing us somewhere in the 0.12-0.26% range overall. Those figures are still be confirmed but if they’re accurate, this is on par with most respiratory diseases.   You should definitely still care and be extra concerned with your at-risk family members, but there’s very little to suggest the US isn’t doing generally the right thing in response to this disease.   Point being, don’t feel like a scumbag if you want to go shoot some fireworks off with your buddies this year, just keep a reasonable distance and be careful.
Probably a reference to the user with that name who's often here, but I have no idea why.
Don’t care about virus anymore. We’ll live with it, tired of hearing stats.
I appreciate the response, but I doubt the commenter’s views are as read or nuanced as yours lol.
who is forcing you to read stats? you care enough to search out and comment on them.
Was it the “kair” that gave it away? Hahaha
You could say that was one red flag. The negative 8 karma and hour long account was another 😂

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 4 (-17%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 49 new cases and 1 death. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 66 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.4%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.0%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.4%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-17%), on Jul 19, we would expect to have seen 771 new cases since today (55 per day, a decrease of 11 per day compared to the current period).
Seems like theres probably a 60% chance of getting covid and .002 percent of dying ftom it (if you’re young and healthy)
This is really misleading data - not trying to be mean - but the trend in the last two weeks is very clear - no reduction in # of cases.  So please be viligant and smart about what you do.  Wear masks, socially distance, don't go to restaurants, wash your hands.
Great news re: the trend, I'm hoping that holds. Thank you for continuing to report these daily!
> don't go to restaurants  >This is really misleading  You're being misleading if you're trying to say that restaurants are a  Covid risk factor in Durham. Other than workers in cramped kitchens, there's not much risk for customers, especially if they're eating outside.   Maybe you should take a look at DPH's Weekly Data Reflections report (week of June 29th):  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/87d6dead61244e7f94abac7979f6e62b  >In June so far, the greatest number of cases (with known employment information) occurred among people who are unemployed, people working construction, and people working in janitorial services  -If restaurants were really a risk factor as you suggested, then Durham Public Health would have alerted us to it
Sure thing. Will be very interesting to see the effects (whatever they may be) of the holiday weekend start to filter into the results.
Hopefully everyone is being safe.
It seems like so far the holidays have had a bigger impact in Durham than the protests, unless I'm misreading things? So definitely it'll be interesting to see if we have any parallels with Memorial Day.
My assumption is that there will be multiple ways to interpret the data over the coming weeks and it will be difficult to see any clear signal.
IT will take up to 2 weeks to see the effect of July 4th.
Check out the [Weekly Data Reflections](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/) on the Durham Data Hub. It seems pretty clearly that neither Memorial Day or protests affected cases much in Durham. There was an ongoing outbreak during most of June in the construction industry that was the source of a large number of our cases and the Health Department did an amazing job with targeted outreach to bring those numbers down.
As is usually the case - I feel for epidemiologists and public health officials trying to grapple with all of this.
I think the holiday makes the new cases reporting the last couple days a little suspect as well. Statewide is down around 7000 tests the last two days. After seeing some of the pictures and videos from Michigan from the last couple days, I'm fully expecting to see a spike in positive tests in 10 days, and hospital utilization is still on the upswing of the spike of testing.
That said, if people have predictions, it would be interesting to hear a) what you think the rate of change will be on July 14 (a range) and b) what you think occurred over the holiday weekend to get us to that point.
Not sure without looking at the past rates of change what I'd say the rate of change would be, maybe 5% more than now? Durham in general has been in my mind better about following distancing and the like, but I'm basing my concern over people going to the beach etc. I saw a picture from 9AM yesterday at Carolina Beach with a packed and definitely not socially distanced section of sand. If we had a fair amount of people following suit I'd find it hard to believe there isn't a jump.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 5 (-19%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 56 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 65 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.6%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.0%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.4%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-19%), on Jul 20, we would expect to have seen 747 new cases since today (53 per day, a decrease of 12 per day compared to the current period).
I believe the decrease has been due to Durham's mask order. Good job Durham!
Let’s work together to get this trend down even more! Great job Durham! Would love to see data on contract tracers!
How does that image gel with this graph from their site? https://i.imgur.com/xVS5hGd.jpg
very grateful that you put this out each day and crunch the numbers. thank you!
> Durham's mask order  Not saying it didn't help, but Durham has had the mask order since mid April:  https://abc11.com/durham-county-coronavirus-nc-face-mask/6111676/  -and our cases have gone up and down since then
Yeah I haven’t heard much about that anymore.   It looks like the June spike is going down. But I’m anticipating a spike from the 4th. Do we have the ability to track that in a meaningful way?
This image is the rate of increase. It's showing the growth rate of cases relative to the last two weeks as a percentage.   So, for example:   - If we had 10 new cases every day for the last two weeks, and today we had 10 new cases, today's rate would be 0%. Because it didn't change.  - It'd be the same if we had 10,000 new cases per day for the past two weeks and 10,000 new cases today. The percentage doesn't depend on the numbers themselves.  - If we had 10 new cases every day for the last two weeks, and today we had 5 new cases, today's rate would be -50%.  The graph you posted shows raw numbers and averages of raw numbers.
The closest linkage is with their 7-day average line.  I use a 2-week average instead of the 7-day average, but you could imagine that if my graphic shows a negative rate of change, then their rolling average line would be sloped downward. Not exactly, since theirs is 7 vs 14 days, but you get the idea.
>  But I’m anticipating a spike from the 4th. Do we have the ability to track that in a meaningful way?  I'm not anticipating a spike, because 4th of July is the most *outdoor* holiday of the year. You see all the pictures we're seeing on the news? It's of people outdoors at beaches and parks and BBQ's. Not to mention we didn't see spikes locally due to Memorial Day activities, which were mostly outdoors. Our cases did go up, but that was due to other factors and not holiday activities in of themselves
We shall see, the news is blaming the spike on memorial day but the protest and riots had something to do with it no matter what they want to try to say to us. We shall see what the 4th has to do with it.

Please help me get my PhD! Need Research Participants for Dissertation Study at NCSU due to COVID-19 halting in-person data collection. It's on digital communication!
 Summary: Are you bored and looking for something to do during the quarantine? Participate in a research study on digital communication and help at NCSU grad student! :)Details: Hi Everyone! I hope you are all staying safe and sane during this quarantine! So COVID-19 meant I had to halt data collection for my dissertation research which compares different communication mediums (e.g., computer vs VR) in terms of communication, social presence, and feelings of connection. I have altered the VR and computer conditions to be completely online, but now I need participants who have about an hour to spare. If you do, I would greatly appreciate your help! For a full list of eligibility requirements and what the study entails, please see the recruitment flyer (link here: [https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC\_XI4ANYIm\_Cm8Eqg](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC_XI4ANYIm_Cm8Eqg)).If I sparked your interest and you would like to sign up for the study, here is a link to the scheduler survey: [https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF](https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF).Stay safe everybody!And thanks so much to those who have already signed up!Note: I've had a couple of people ask me about the 20/20 corrected or natural vision requirement so I'll go ahead and answer that question here. :) Basically, you can participate if you wear glasses or contacts, I just ask that you are wearing them during the study. If your vision doesn't correct totally to 20/20 but it's pretty close and you can still see everything pretty well, that is fine too.
What’s your PhD in?
Human Factors and Applied Cognition :)

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 6 (-14%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 63 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 66 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.1%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.5%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-14%), on Jul 21, we would expect to have seen 797 new cases since today (56 per day, a decrease of 9 per day compared to the current period).
If anyone was curious, AJC has a good dashboard on what's going on in Georgia, who opened up before we did:  https://www.ajc.com/news/coronavirus-georgia-covid-dashboard/jvoLBozRtBSVSNQDDAuZxH/  and NC's for reference  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases
Thanks: I really like the 14 day case moving average , but I try to follow deaths more than anything. The trend looks good.   The virus will keep circulating for a while. Generally we do have to learn to live with it, but a big part of that is figuring out the best care protocols, etc... To reduce overall harm. We won't see normal again until there's a vaccine....and even then...
>  but I try to follow deaths more than anything. The trend looks good.  Yeah, if you look at the "Confirmed deaths by day of death in Georgia", you'll see that deaths have been trending down. I think the new "wait two weeks" is now, "wait four weeks" for deaths, since they are a lagging indicator. Even taking that into account  (like when cases started going up there about a month ago) deaths are still going down.  We're seeing something similar play out in North Carolina, so that's good.  Hospitalizations are still going up (7 more today than yesterday, out of a state of 10.49 million people)  https://old.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/hdqz7q/update_heres_the_situation_with_covid_in_nc_sen/  >I should note that there’s a question about this data. Now that people are going back to hospitals for routine procedures, they’re all being tested when they arrive. And some of those folks are testing positive. So now they're in the hospital with COVID. And it’s unclear to what extent they’re being included in this hospitalization number. In short, we need to make sure we are measuring people who are hospitalized for COVID, not with COVID. But it's unclear to what extent that explains this increase, if at all.
Deaths tend to be 4-6 weeks behind - whereas case diagnoses are a much shorter (4-14 days) snapshot. What will be telling will be how the deaths look a month from today. Not nearly enough time for this new surge to be registered in the death count.
I doubt we'll get an answer to the "for COVID" vs. "with COVID" question.  But if the "with COVID" patients are driving the continued increase, then we should eventually see it level out, as the number of patients going back for routine procedures levels out.
> deaths look a month from today  >Not nearly enough time for this new surge to be registered in the death count  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases  Our cases started going up around end of May, and deaths have been trending down since then. Like 5/30, about 1200 cases. And I see *one* Covid death on 7/6.  Maybe there will be a huge spikes next week, and I will be eating some crow
Hospitals are approaching their limits though, aren't they? I want to say Orange County ICU beds are at 94% capacity or something. Not a lot of room there for growth.
As I'm sure you're all aware of, the age demographics of infections is changing, which is leading to a lower case fatality rate.  Specifically, younger people are making up a larger part of the new infections and their mortality rate is significantly lower.  This doesn't mean that older people aren't getting infected and if we don't lessen, or at least level off the number of new infections, we will likely start to see more older people infected (even if it's still a lower proportion of the total infections).  If that happens, the death rate will likely creep back up.
Given the overall much younger population, I wouldn't expect huge spike - but it would be curious if the death rates didn't change at all. Also, I was referring to the national surge in cases - NC spiked but given the national scope we've been relatively level. So, still gonna need to wait some time for that. I fully expect that this will drive the fatality percentage down overall but it's still not gonna be pretty in a month.

The line to get Covid-19 test at Walgreens on guess and Horton 7/7/2020 9:30am

I was in this line this morning. I see my car about 40 seconds in. For those interested in getting tested:  I did not need to pay, did not need a referral, and did not supply insurance info. I only had to provide my license and contact info so they can send me my results.  I did not have a reserved slot, so was in the 'walk-in' line (was in my car and felt safe the whole time.)  I got in the car line around 8am and was tested at 12:50pm so it was definitely a long wait.  I administered the test myself, they show you how to swab your nostrils and then make you roll up your window while you take off your mask and administer the test to yourself.  I was told I'll have my results in 4 to 5 hours.
Good lord! Now are they testing anyone who wants a test or do you need to have a reason (protest, travel, etc...) , symptoms, etc...?
I went three weeks ago and there was no one else there.
Just curious, how do you know it’s for Covid?
Cool thanks for posting...so is there another line for people who have appointments?
When you say "nostrils", what do you mean? Did it go several inches deep? If not, I would doubt the accuracy of the test. Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm 99.9% sure the only accurate test is nasopharyngeal or oropharyngeal, where the swab goes all the way to your throat.  Edit: Just did more research, CDC lists nasal swab as an option. I'm curious what the accuracy of that kind of test is...
Hope you are ok!
I think basically anyone can get a test at CVS or Walgreens now. Many employers are requiring employees to get tests done before coming back into offices to work.
I highly doubt a significant number of people are getting test for kicks. From what hear the test is quite unpleasant and obviously time consuming to come by. Would be great to just assume people getting tested are concerned they might have it and are protecting themselves and their community and we as a country should be doing better six months in then a four long line to see if you have it.
Same. I wonder if the line for people with a reserved spot was quicker.
It was actually the line to get the government tracking chips 😔 /s
Yes. Two separate lines.
Yes there is once you get into the parking lot. I think everyone has to wait in the same line when it's backed up onto the road however. Not sure how they plan to streamline that.
I also wonder about the accuracy of this.  I work in healthcare and the lab at my hospital rejects so many other-than-covid samples for one reason or another. I've also been covid tested in April,  and that thing was deep and painful.  I seriously doubt the results would be that accurate for a self administered little nose tickle
I'm not a medical professional so can't comment on it's accuracy.   The experience was rather unpleasant. The swab went quite far up in my nose and left a lingering agitated feeling that lasted most of my drive home. Empirically, it certainly felt deep enough.
I am thank you!
Just curious. That's what I thought.
The CVS tests are pretty non-intrusive compared to what the tests used to be. Its a series of swabs now, but just regular sized ones and not the brain ticklers.
I know someone who recently got tested just so he knows he’s negative and can visit relatives.
Did you get your results back when you expected?
Cool story.
Faster than expected actually. I received my results after only about 3 hours.
I also got my results in a little less than 4 hours.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 7 (-11%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 35 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 69 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.5%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.4%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.6%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-11%), on Jul 22, we would expect to have seen 861 new cases since today (61 per day, a decrease of 7 per day compared to the current period).

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 8 (-11%)

Seems like we're starting to hold pretty consistently in the negatives. Obviously there's a lot at play but that's still a nicer thing to see than the alternative. Go us!
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 70 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 64 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.9%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.2%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.5%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-11%), on Jul 23, we would expect to have seen 799 new cases since today (57 per day, a decrease of 6 per day compared to the current period).
Missing your updates.  Hope you're well.
Hey You haven’t posted one of these in a few days.   You doing ok?
Is it doing any good to post this arbitrary metric on a daily basis?  Obviously there's not much useful information in a single day's case counts, which is why we use moving averages to help smooth the data and identify trends. However, when you post this time averaged statistic on a daily basis, the day-to-day changes are just the noise at the beginning and end of the time windows.  It's at least as informative to just view the 7-day moving average on the [data hub](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/), which tells a simple story: cases surged mid May to early June, then stabilized and declined a little since.
Yeah, given the way NC as a whole is moving, it's very encouraging to see our numbers going down, even if it's just slightly.  I suspect the state-wide numbers mean that we have a floor on how low we could realistically go in Durham.   Hopefully the trend keeps up!
Any thoughts on providing a shorter timeframe in the chart to better see the recent trends? It seems the scale is thrown off by our large increase, which makes it difficult to see some of the recent variance near 0%. Thanks again for the work!
I’m beginning to worry! I hope everything is okay. I’ve been missing my daily metrics.
Agreed. The CDC has great breakdowns. This one doesn’t illuminate or clarify anything.
Yeah, it's a trade-off. Harder to see the day to day variance, but it's nice to be able to see the full picture since the start of the pandemic.   My gut is to keep it as is. Only because the day to day variance in the rate is less important than the slope of the line, which I think is still easy to see with the current dimensions.  It's a good suggestion though.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 12 (+3%)

Hi all, I'm back. Thanks for the notes of concern. We took the kids for a long weekend in Boone, NC (no-contact house rental, brought all our food, didn't see anyone all weekend), and I thought I had put a system in place where I could publish the graphics remotely. Didn't work out. But I'm back and will continue publishing the graphics.   Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 72 new cases and 2 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 68 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.6%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.6%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.7%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+3%), on Jul 27, we would expect to have seen 986 new cases since today (70 per day, an increase of 1 per day compared to the current period).
Oh no we broke our streak! Think the 4th of July gatherings had something to do with it? I know my neighbors did some stupid shit with big gatherings of unmasked people. We have had a few cases in the neighborhood and people still refuse to mask up. The people that had it and recovered are still not masking either.
2% isn't too bad.  Now is when i would expect the 4th of July uptick to take effect though.  In short, wear a mask, wash your hands, and be safe.
July 6th Weekly Data Reflections  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/1ced6ce738c8431cb00d64dbd668c75d  >In July so far, the greatest number of cases (with known employment information) occurred among people who are unemployed, people working in hospitals, and people working in construction  -Notice what is *not* in this list. Restaurants, breweries, hair/nail salons, retail stores, coffee shops, etc. For those saying, "x,y,z, are driving our case counts".
I won't lie not seeing it for a few days I was hoping you'd be back and even considered checking in - but then I refrained from inquiring about where this free labor that I have no entitlement to went.   Continue to appreciate your posts though.
Wouldn't a possible uptick from the 4th manifest later? It hasn't even been two weeks
Its almost as if keeping those closed/at minimal capacity is helpful...
A couple of other things in that report that are interesting:  "For the first time since these summaries have been prepared there are no cases among workers or residents at nursing care facilities or correctional facilities."  Thank goodness!  "The first week of July included small numbers of cases among workers in a variety of professional services settings: lawyers and dentists offices, public sector, printing and graphic design and administration."  I have been putting off my dental cleaning that was cancelled in March.  I think I'll let it ride a little longer.
Interesting, and seems to be in line with what they've been saying for a while now.  But can you expand a bit on what, based on this information, you hope people will do or think differently?
Haha, wish I could give this more than one upvote.  Appreciate it.
This may have been updated since I last read on the topic, but the median incubation time of the virus is just over 5 days, and 95% of people will see symptoms within just over 11 days.
Absolutely, it would start now, and I anticipate it to carry on for two more weeks.  Most people don't go to the doctor the same day they start getting symptoms. So if symptoms can start up to 2 weeks after infection, I assume 3 weeks after is when we should be over the hump.
> no cases among workers or residents at nursing care facilities  Orange county just got a cluster last week in a long term care facility (that and the UNC football team). Though overall Orange county has had better results than all surrounding counties (lower % positive test results)
It looks like masks and/or social distancing have been working in those various places that opened under Phase 2. I wish other counties were getting employment data for cases like Durham has been doing, so we can get a better picture of what's been going on.   >you hope people will do or think differently?  Don't be afraid to go outside. Outdoor dining and bathrooms aren't going to kill you  Recently Durham amended its safer at home order to allow 25 people outside:  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/durham-eases-outdoor-gathering-limit-urges-more-health-screenings/19181489/
For sure, I'd just imagine a lag between noticing symptoms, the symptoms being serious enough to go out and seek help, getting through whatever testing backlog may exist, and reporting to the State.
For those of you who wanted a source/more info, [here it is from the American College of Cardiology.](https://www.acc.org/latest-in-cardiology/journal-scans/2020/05/11/15/18/the-incubation-period-of-coronavirus-disease)
Even if they do go to the doctor right away, there's a testing backlog of about 5-7 days right now (may depend on where you get tested). I wouldn't be surprised if some people, like hospital workers, get priority and get results sooner.
Yes, I suspect any increase from the 4th would really show up in the next 5 days.

FYI - Whole Foods on Broad street confirms Covid-19 outbreak among employees

Wow, very little information. C’mon Whole Foods, release the numbers.
At a certain point this is going to happen where all of us shop. It happened to the Whole Foods in Chapel Hill. I used to go there since it was near my gym. It's a shame to hear, but it' so many people have tested positive it's only a matter of time.
As a counter point to some comments - every time I've been there employees have all been masked, (and I've not seen them pulling it down over their nose) and have seemed to be acting pretty responsibly. We tend to load up so are not there more than 2 or so times a month. But this sucks to hear. On top of the shit they get paid already.  I've noticed several patrons ignoring the one way aisle signs, and not using masks properly however.
That particular Whole Foods is just so cramped. It's nearly impossible to not run directly into each other in an aisle.  edit: a word
I know it's an opinion that not everyone agrees with, but this is why we should not have places open if they aren't actually enforcing mask and social distancing.  Also, when these employees leave work, they could encounter it somewhere else and bring it back with them. That's happened multiple times here in Durham.  Top that with the fact that the virus has mutated multiple times  [https://www.healthline.com/health-news/what-to-know-about-mutation-and-covid-19](https://www.healthline.com/health-news/what-to-know-about-mutation-and-covid-19)
I've seen several employees not wearing masks or wearing their masks incorrectly at both Whole Foods and Harris Teeter in that area. I just _don't get it_.
You should assume any people working to produce, pick, package, or sell your food are infected.  Edit:  I say this because I have 30 years in the restaurant and food industries.  [The workers are low paid, don’t have sick time, don’t have health insurance, and will frequently be fired or ridiculed for calling in sick](https://i.imgur.com/93VjMWP.jpg).
An outbreak happened at the one in Chapel Hill back in early April.
Ugh. I get Whole Foods delivered from this location frequently. Makes me wonder if I should stop for awhile.
an employee without a mask walked within 1 foot of me to ask if i needed help here and i haven't gone back since. i haven't gotten the feeling they're taking it very seriously unfortunately
I've been shopping pretty much solely at the HT on MLK at Southsquare and I can't remember seeing any of their employees not wearing masks during the last several months. It's rare to even see customers not wearing them there, too.
Seen this video posted in several places, but no other information otherwise or even social media chatter. Is there at least a second source?
So what’s going to happen when this inevitably happens to every single open business?
I'm not sure why people are surprised by this.  Frontline retail is a high risk job, especially with the number of asshats who refuse to social distance and wear masks.  Honestly I'm surprised that there aren't MORE cases in grocery stores.
I know someone who works there...it's bad.
Would be nice to know the timing on when all of this happened. We were there yesterday
This is also not cool for all the people who order grocery delivery from Whole Foods
It's almost as if f they're afraid if they soil one of Jeff Bezos' good brands they'll suffer consequences.
I feel like if it was only 2, they would easily say that.
When did it happen at the ch hill WF?
At a certain point, we all will have had this novel coronavirus. It's just a question of when.
Agree - this does make me anxious because we just shopped there last night, but in thinking back, I’ve not personally seen any employees not being mindful of distancing, and everyone has been wearing masks correctly. I’m surprised to see these other comments but guess I’ve been lucky so far...
I reported a place on Sat to the health department within an hour I had a reply wanting more info and then yesterday I was asked to give a written statement. It seems to me Durham HD isn’t playing any games they told me they were sending someone out Sat.
Love the idea of putting pressure on businesses to enforce prevention measures without endangering workers' jobs.
Yes! I was at Lowe’s this weekend and an employee coughed without a mask on. I said something to the person at check out and they stared at me like “uh okay. Not my problem”. They had no comment. I know not every cough is covid, but in a pandemic, while you are at work in a public space... common...
Right? So cramped. Smallest WF I’ve ever seen
This is such a common sense, no-brainer opinion it's baffles me how anyone who isn't a complete moron would challenge it. All we're doing with our current half-assed efforts are prolonging the damage instead of containing it. Unbelievable.
Can’t speak for employees experience outside of directly in my view on 2 or 3 visits, but this location actually seemed to enact a lot of social distancing measures earlier and more broadly than other grocery stores. Makes it even more concerning, imo.
I was there last week and also noticed several with their noses out of the masks. Really hoping those folks weren’t positive
good news! i mostly eat frozen crap.  Unfortunately i'm trading covid for other health issues.
Delivery's not so bad. Wipe the food down with a little disinfectant if you're worried, and wash your hands after. It's that person-to-person contact you really gotta worry about.  I hope.  'Cause I get delivery from there too.
We shop at HT on Hillsborough and I can count, on one hand, the amount of unmasked shoppers in the last two months.
The HT on MLK and Target have been pretty good over the last couple of months. Target was a little hit and miss but seem to have things down pretty well now.
I’ve been checking periodically throughout the day and noticed that too. It’s odd.
easy!  We open schools!  See, it's not a big deal if the right / poor people are dying!  /s
How so?
details!!!
One of their employees called me at work and let us know public health has called them multiple times over the last 2 weeks, people COVID19+ have come into the store...
me too! I just moved into a new apt where the kitchen isnt currently functional and ive been getting their prepared meals a couple times a week. just picked some up yesterday.
I'd call it an outbreak until it's been 2-3 weeks.  You can't tell how many have caught it until it's too late.
They do that for nursing homes as well according to the N.C. Department of Health and Human Services. They define a outbreak as two or more people-- residents or employees-- testing positive for the virus.
I heard about the CH cases a few weeks ago.
March apparently.
Lol there are countries with only hundreds or thousands of infections. Not like us where we have hundreds OF thousands.. Of deaths.  Not inevitable if our country wasn't run by incompetent clowns.
Not true.
Yeah, same. Was just there a couple days ago. Employees seemed to be doing everything right, even asking customers to stand 6 feet apart while in the cashier line.
That's really good to know, thx for the heads up.
A woman at Food Lion today paid with all $1 bills and kept licking her fingers to count them. The lady working the cash register counted them twice and then check out my stuff without sanitizing her hands. I told her and she sanitized her hands. I Clorox wiped my stuff down when I got to the car.
I’ve been to small ones in other states. If it’s this small/crowded, why did they get rid of having us line up outside? Are they even counting the number in and out anymore?
anybody remember when it wasn’t even that big of a store? There was a bike store located on the far right side at some point, right?
For some weird reason, it's a polarizing topic.
Well, again, we don't know where the infected employees actually got exposed. Could very well be it was NOT at the Whole Foods, and was from a roommate, or whatever they were doing in their off hours where maybe they were not being socially distant.
Unfortunately, statistically speaking, they are the ones more likely to have it.
As far as I know there’s been no proof of surface contraction. It’s why to-go food has been acceptable so far.
Unfortunately I  saw  6 or 7 this past Saturday  - all shoppers & their chldren (not infants). All employees masked. I thought HT was going to hand out free masks to unmasked shoppers- I guess that didn't go well
https://indyweek.com/food-and-drink/news/chapel-hill-durham-whole-foods-employees-have-covid-19/  This article does as good of a job as I could. Posted only an hour ago I think.
Check out HT for some fantastic prepared foods, their BBQ pork and cheddar burritos are the bomb. Plus they have much better sushi than WF.
Thank you. #Biden2020
My comment may have seemed intentionally hyperbolic or cynical, and that wasn't my intent. For the record, I'm not an epidemiologist or virologist.   Will we eradicate Covid-19? It's possible, but I think the only communicable disease we've successfully eradicated is smallpox. Covid-19 will easily be with us for years if not decades. What will change is we'll have better therapeutics, vaccines, and simply more data to understand who is at risk and why. Think about HIV, famously known as "the virus that causes AIDS". It's still around, but having HIV now with the retroviral drugs we have isn't as severe as it was in the 80s. Novel coronavirus which causes the disease Covid-19 is like all viruses in that it can't really be "killed" per se as it's not technically alive. It'll mutate over time as it has already. Many of these mutations will likely not result result in a virus that's that different (or at least worrying to the general population), but a few likely will.  If someone who's an actual expert in this field would like to correct me, please do so. This is my understanding on the subject, and I'm definitely interested in learning more.
I work with a guy who licks his fingers every time he turns a page (on communal log pages). He also pulls his mask down to sneeze at least two or three times a shift. It's infuriating because the room we're in is not huge. He also travels to SC every few weeks and I know he doesn't take any precautions when he's not at work.
probably not.  They just want you to buy stuff until you die.  They aren't worried about keeping you as a customer next year, they need profits now.
I dunno - I don’t go to it regularly and certainly not now.
I remember when it was Wellspring Grocery on Ninth St. a million years ago.
It's American exceptionalism/individualism manifest. This is a core part of the culture here. Lots of people literally have a kneejerk, unthinking "no no no!" reaction to anything they're told they should do. Probably most of them wouldn't even mind wearing the mask if it wasn't something experts were encouraging or local officials were even requiring.
It’s a pandemic. We don’t know how to treat it yet, so we wear masks and social distance because that’s about as much as we have to go off of. That’s it. We haven’t figured out what works against this virus. It’s not a political issue, it’s a virus.
Not accurate anymore :( [CDC Study published recently](https://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article/26/9/20-1798_article?deliveryName=USCDC_333-DM32083#tnF1)   The tl;dr is that an asymptotic carrier used an elevator and then immediately quarantined themselves. They didn’t meet up with any neighbors etc. The only common point of contact was the elevator. It looks like ~70 other people were infected from that single elevator ride.   Editing this for clarity: if you didn’t read the study (I encourage you to do so) then know this, one person probably got it from a surface on the elevator, then it spread much more rapidly via aerosol/droplet/exchange of bodily fluids.  What does this mean? Theoretically it means surfaces do hang on to COVID (which we already knew), but it doesn’t show that it is wildly effective at spreading, in fact it demonstrates the opposite of anything.  At least one person got infected from the surface transmission and then a few more people were infected from that person who then passed it on to more people and so on and so forth. Leading to ~70 total.   “But bacon, why does it say 70 people?” Basically the virus has a specific genomic pattern (kind of like a virus fingerprint) that shows they all originated from one person, the person who used the elevator that they believe infected at least one other person in the building. That being said, most of those ~70 _definitely_ caught it from typical transmission via droplets/aerosol. It says 70 people because the origin was one person, even if it spread via other ways.    To close: This is an excellent demonstration of why reading (and in my case, re-reading) these studies is actually beneficial. It _seems_ very dangerous and sensational, when in reality it is less so. Surfaces can hold covid, but it’s much less easy for you to catch it like that than it is from person to person contact or aerosols.
Thanks,hadn't seen this yet.
Great article, thanks for posting.
Thanks! I have hit them up for their sushi so far! I'll check out the others.
Sure, we likely won't eradicate this virus, but we won't all get it either. Just like we don't all get SARS, MERS, HIV, polio, flu, rabies, ebola, yellow fever, hepatitis, measles, mumps, rubella, etc.   But there is this dumb pervasive idea that we may as well do nothing because we'll all get it, "it's just a question of when." Don't spread that disinformation.
polio
Jesus - if you pull down your mask when you sneeze you're missing the entire point. That's like wearing a condom on your arm. Tell your boss he's a dangerous moron for me.
I probably wasn’t even alive at the time!
what works is wearing a mask, and not leaving the house unless it's for a necessity (food, work).  We've seen this work in other countries.   It's completely political when the highest office in the country says it's a hoax, and that it will disappear magically, and literally every person with an ounce of grey matter disagrees, but some people are so brain washed that they purposely spread the virus because they don't think it's a threat, and if someone they know dies, they'll blame it on the person who previously held the highest office, or the person who ran against the current person holding office.    Notice i didn't call this person 'in charge' or 'leader' because well, look at the situation.
> We haven’t figured out what works against this virus.  Yes we have. Staying home works. The political issue is that a huge group of idiots, almost completely aligned with the political right, who decided that wasn't possible because they needed a haircut.
It shouldn't be a political issue, but it's been made one.
Is that proving surface transmission or air entrapped in an elevator?
There's a good case that patient A0 was not the start of the outbreak.  Even if so, it could have been in the air and not surface transmission.  Some good discussion here:  https://old.reddit.com/r/COVID19/comments/hkon03/large_sarscov2_outbreak_caused_by_asymptomatic/  Regarding surface transmission generally, there is this:  https://old.reddit.com/r/COVID19/comments/hltayx/exaggerated_risk_of_transmission_of_covid19_by/
Thank you for sharing this. Terrifying.
Air in an enclosed space is way different than surface contact
yeah. it won't help. he's well-liked. the mask rule is hated. He has seniority and he's generally good at his job. I just cringe every time I hear him sneeze.
Fukken youngster lol
I think this commenter probably meant that there's no "cure" for it yet, which is true, and they also seemed to be saying that it shouldn't be a political issue. Just my interpretation.
But you're 100% right about it being crucial for everyone to wear masks, stay home as much as possible and practice social distancing as well as washing their hands frequently, using hand sanitizer and not touching their face when they're away from home and around other people.
I'm thinking if elevator farts can linger, so can elevator covid.
I have a comment further down talking about this but I’ll just copy pasta here. I also want to mention there are _many_ threads on this site discussing this. I believe another commenter linked a few, I haven’t read through them all but plan to do so at some point.  Anyways, my copypasta:   So my research has turned up things that mostly just included sources that pointing to this precise study. I decided to give it a re-read because the first read through I wasn’t at my best and I’m glad I did.  According to the study itself at least one person was infected via surface transmission:  ```Therefore, we believe A0 was an asymptomatic carrier (7,8) and that B1.1 was infected by contact with surfaces in the elevator in the building where they both lived (9).```   The specific genomic pattern (like a virus fingerprint) of covid this person had was identified in each of the ~70 people mentioned in the study. What does this mean? The scientists think at least one person got it through surface contact on that elevator (like it says in the quote I included from the study above). However it also states that multiple other patients transmitted it via other means by interacting with people, meaning it was passed on by others (who were not patient A0) through close contact.   The elevator didn’t infect ~70 people, but it was where _at least_ one (potentially more) person got it who then passed it on after that.   So this does theoretically prove surface transmission is possible, however it also strongly shows that it is _much, much_ easier to catch it through aerosol droplets or exchanges of bodily fluids.
That is a really good question, I don’t know the answer but I’ll do some research and see if I can find out.
Does that really make much difference?
If you read the study you’ll see it’s much more likely to be passed through aerosol, sorry to scare you! It is possible through surfaces, but those 70 people didn’t _all_ get it through surface contact. I updated my comment to better reflect the actual content of the study.
no...?
The good news, is i'm staying home, and won't be seeing an elevator in a long time, but my wife does have to worry if i catch covid, because she'll be walking up the stairs behind covid farts.    before anyone gets pissed off, it's a game. If you're gassy and can get in front of the other person on the way to bed, it's fair game.  Minor revenge will always be dished out at some later point.
Thanks WFB!   I think it is possible but much less likely and risky in general. I appreciate your research and understanding as it likely trumps mine.  I’ve followed Osterholm’s work and discussion on covid since early March but have not had the time to cross check the research as I trust him as a source.   Hand washing is good but this is a respiratory illness. I still clean groceries and have only done pickups for four months because of high risk family members. Although I’m not as concerned about surface transmission, I’m still taking steps to mitigate the risk for my family.
Report back if you find anything. I'm guessing it's aerosol transmission, not surface.
Yeah, when we're trying to determine if surface transmission is a thing.
Appreciate it. Reality is scary, right?
I agree, this does seem possible.
I’d concur. And then exposure through other persons in the building
So my research has turned up things that mostly just included sources that pointing to this precise study. I decided to give it a re-read because the first read through I wasn’t at my best and I’m glad I did.  According to the study itself at least one person was infected via surface transmission:  ```Therefore, we believe A0 was an asymptomatic carrier (7,8) and that B1.1 was infected by contact with surfaces in the elevator in the building where they both lived (9).```   The specific genomic pattern (like a virus fingerprint) of covid this person had was identified in each of the ~70 people mentioned in the study. What does this mean? The scientists think at least one person got it through surface contact on that elevator (like it says in the quote I included from the study above). However it also states that multiple other patients transmitted it via other means by interacting with people, meaning it was passed on by others (who were not patient A0) through close contact.   The elevator didn’t infect ~70 people, but it was where _at least_ one (potentially more) person got it who then passed it on after that.   So this does theoretically prove surface transmission is possible, however it also strongly shows that it is _much, much_ easier to catch it through aerosol droplets or exchanges of bodily fluids.
Fair enough. It just seems like there's a tendency to minimize the risk involved in various scenarios by splitting hairs over details like that...if it's possible to become infected on an elevator I think we should focus on using the preventive measures we know are beneficial as well as erring on the side of caution. Too many people are using arguments about *how* Covid-19 is spread to defend their refusal to follow proper preventive measures and I honestly believe that questions like this feed into that mentality.
Why do they conclude the one case was by surface transmission? I think there have been studies showing it can linger in the air for quite a few minutes, which seems like a more likely scenario.
We can be scared of our own shadow and be over protective, or we can figure out how transmission is actually occurring and put our energy into the more effective ways of stopping it. In the elevator case I'm guessing aerosolized transmission so diligent mask use would help, vs trying to sanitize all surfaces.
Yeah I definitely don’t disagree with you at all, surface transmission is just what the paper says.  If I were to take a wild (and I do mean wild) guess I would say it’s could be because of the time expired between rides and whether or not the individuals were wearing masks, gloves, etc.  They don’t really go into much more detail in the paper unfortunately so for anyone other than those who did the study it’s hard to say. :/
It most likely was an airborne transmission given the latest data that indicates surface transmission is much less of a risk than airborne or direct contact is.  And it's not so much a matter of being scared of our own shadow as it is acknowledging the fact that the epidemic is still in early stages and there really isn't enough comprehensive, historical data to conclusively pinpoint the exact mechanism by which the virus could be transmitted in an elevator.  I think my first comment about this might have been worded in a way that suggested I was being flippant but that wasn't my intention. I worked for the CDC National AIDS Hotline 30 years ago and although the coronavirus is different in many ways from HIV, I remember talking to countless callers who were constantly asking what their risk would be in various hypothetical scenarios and even though HIV had become pretty widespread by the time I worked there, the hotline counselors would discourage callers from trying to assess their risk in that manner.  I think it's easy to forget in this age of instant information that there are some things we just don't have answers for yet and that's okay. I think it would be very irresponsible for anyone to get on an elevator and put their hands all over the interior right now even though we know that surface transmission is relatively safe...it doesn't mean you're "scared" if you simply use hand sanitizer as soon as you get out of an elevator where you pressed a button that dozens of other people have also just touched minutes ago, the same thing applies to precautions against airborne transmission like masks and distancing.  So at the risk of being downvoted again, I'll stand by my earlier comment and say that based on everything we know so far and more importantly what we DON'T know, it isn't really useful (or even possible) to know exactly *why* or *how* elevator transmission can occur as it is to know it *can* happen in an elevator and to take common sense precautions.  Edited for clarity.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 13 (+12%)

Damnit. Wrong direction.  My guess is you're seeing the 4th of July. I mean, people did in fact have large parties and did not follow protocol all over the place, and much of those parties take place indoors, at least for period of time.   Not that it *can't* transmit outdoors - there was a cluster from a big sandbar July 4th gathering in northern Michigan (lots of boats and people partying in the shallow water - no indoor access at all). Enough people and exposure time can do it.  With the deaths - not sure either, but given the previous spike and how long it drags on in some patients it could still be a hangover from that.
Something to keep an eye on. As we've talked about, the number of deaths in Durham Co has been low throughout this pandemic. I've focused on cases because cases lead to hospitalizations, which lead to deaths, often at a lag of up to a month. So a focus on deaths can take focus away from preventing cases, which can be bad if a lack of deaths leads to complacency, causing more deaths later on. I still think the focus on cases is right, but I wanted to share a trend in Durham Co deaths. Here are the number of deaths that we've seen by month so far:  Apr - 21  May - 27  Jun - 12  Jul - (on pace for) 27  Since we've been doing better on the nursing home front, I would be curious if anyone has seen an explanation for the uptick in July.?  &#x200B;  And now for the normal report. Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 91 new cases and 2 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 71 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.7%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.6%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.8%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+12%), on Jul 28, we would expect to have seen 1,117 new cases since today (79 per day, an increase of 8 per day compared to the current period).
Do you have any information on how turnaround time is affecting these numbers? I know the wait has been going up: [https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/long-delays-in-getting-test-results-hobble-coronavirus-response/2020/07/12/d32f7fa8-c1fe-11ea-b4f6-cb39cd8940fb\_story.html](https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/long-delays-in-getting-test-results-hobble-coronavirus-response/2020/07/12/d32f7fa8-c1fe-11ea-b4f6-cb39cd8940fb_story.html)
To me, a graph of the first-derivative of daily new case count such as the OP presents, has zero value as a tool for presenting the time course of the infection locally. Better to look new infections and deaths versus time. I copied and pasted this from the official county site. To me as someone with multiple risk factors, the death data mean a lot to me. YMMV. I will post that graph immediately.
Would the July 4th weekend have something to do with this?
Here comes that July 4th bump. And we were doing so well.
About 0.3% of Durham County population.
> Not that it can't transmit outdoors - there was a cluster from a big sandbar July 4th gathering in northern Michigan  I don't know enough about this case, but I imagine people there were gathered indoors before or after this gathering at the lake. When I've been on the lakes (central Michigan), I had met with people indoors before we went out on the water.   -We're also doing more testing (for many it's required for employment) like we saw here  https://old.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/hmvypd/the_line_to_get_covid19_test_at_walgreens_on/   -From looking here (percent positive by county), I'm seeing Durham's positive test rate keep hopping up and down daily  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing  -like for July 12th, it was below 5%, but it also has went way up and down before that
No, it's literally bullshit data.   The derivative of the case count by day  is 0 since mid June.  Now 30 days.  Completely flat in other words.  I've mentioned this several time to the author, almost like he doesn't really care and just wants to post some bullshit data without a scientific or public health background.
A couple of guesses on deaths:  1. It could just be noise.  There were two deaths reported on July 1.  If those had been reported on the last day of June, I'm not sure we see a trend.  2. Even though we're apparently doing better on the nursing home front, the deaths in July so far could be from infections in homes in June, due to the lag from infection to death to reporting.  I don't think that the county provides any stats on deaths in community living situations, like the state does, unfortunately.
I do not. My daughter had to get tested and it took us 7 days to get the results. But I have also heard of less then two day waits recently. I think it all comes down to where you are getting tested (ours was in the pediatricians office and it was processed by LabCorp).
Thanks for sharing.  Always good to have multiple perspectives on what is important. I certainly didn't mean to minimize the death data.  Stay safe.
It's possible, but the same thing likely happened with 4th gatherings.   Either way, none of this points to an overall significantly dropping caseload which is what we should be going for. Relatively flat isn't a good thing - it could be worse but I don't see a good argument for being that complacent about it, especially when other states have demonstrated how re-opening in a particular way will change the situation on the ground rather quickly.
Here are photos from the lake party:  https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/12/health/michigan-coronavirus-torch-lake-sandbar/index.html  Basically, people are packed together and likely drinking and speaking loudly.  If the virus is going to spread outdoors, this is how it would happen.
I look forward to your analysis with the available data!
This data doesn't show total case count, it shows "new cases per 2 weeks" (i.e. cases over time). Now it's been a few years since I took Mrs. Benson's 3rd grade calculus class, but I'm *pretty sure* that "cases over time" (i.e. the raw numbers in this graph, not the %) is a velocity. And if you're interested in the derivative of this graph, then you're looking at *acceleration*, yeah? So maybe acceleration is 0, but we're still growing at 500 new cases per week.  So, if you want to say these graphs are "completely flat," you have to recognize that the flip side that means that *nothing is improving...* we are not doing enough to control the spread.
Flat since mid June. Up 12% since two weeks ago.  Is there something wrong I'm reading about that?  I don't see how this data is bullshit. It's just a narrower snapshot of time than the one you're advocating for. No one is saying this is some authoritative summation to base your daily life of. Still, completely flat isn't really what we want - completely flat isn't falling cases.   I'm grateful we're not Florida, and that things here are in a relatively manageable place,  but it doesn't mean things can't be better.
Fixating on case counts alone is nationally and locally is a bad idea anyways, even though I've done it myself.   This is what we should keep an eye on:  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/triangle-hospitals-ready-for-patient-rise/19186409/  >WakeMed spokeswoman Kristin Kelly said its hospitals were well prepared to treat more patients, with adequate PPE supplies and beds.  >"We have plans in place should we need to surge in terms of care spaces and equipment and flow," she said in a e-mail to WRAL. "At this point in time, less than 40 percent of our COVID-19 patients need ICU care."  >"We thought initially this was going to be somewhat of a surge, similar to what we saw in New York, but what we’re experiencing is more of a long-term increase in workload," said UNC Health’s Dr. Abhi Mehrotra.
And especially how lots of other places in the world have had holidays pass, yet are actually making good progress in containing the virus.
Could you kindly leave this to the professionals?  There are many issues with your data, your interpretation, and your methodology.  Bad science is worse than no science, because it paints a false picture.
There's more than hospital capacity that is relevant. You still don't want to get this thing. The idea that as long as we manage hospital capacity the whole way through as the only marker of success is ridiculous. Latest data suggests herd immunity isn't gonna happen, and that lots of people who will never get hospitalized will be struggling for months.  I personally know people who have been on and off sick for weeks or months and never were hospitalized. Take your own risk, but some people are concerned about more or than whether or not there is a bed for them if they need it.
Because their population and governments gave/gives a shit about their fellow citizens and are wearing masks and quarantined themselves for a month straight and only had grocery stores and pharmacies open instead of everyone trying be claimed as an "essential worker" while demanding pedicures and coughing on service people.
OP is making an acceleration plot. You say that "it's completely flat," which is true, but flat acceleration is not a good thing for a pandemic.  I don't think acceleration is the best choice for visualization (I think it actually downplays the situation), but OP is plotting state- and county-published data, and the data shows that we're just barely holding steady when we need to go down.  Unless you have both a better source for data (as far as I know the state's data is the best available, and counties get their data from the state) and a better visualization, you might want to sit this one out. Running around saying, "this is a bad graph" doesn't make it true.
You're providing no data and no alternatives plus the sort of attitude that has made some people loathe professionals to the point that they often ignore them. If you think you can't draw a line from this attitude to the jackass with no mask in Home Depot I'd argue you're mistaken.  You may know more about this shit than anyone here (I'm doubtful because you don't seem eager to demonstrate) but if you can't communicate it effectively (which entails both clarify of message but also humility) it's just about as useless as "bad science."
Another reason people talk about hospital capacity, or more specifically hospitalizations due to COVID-19, is that it's easier to measure accurately than the raw number of cases.  Since the disease isn't mutating rapidly, the portion of people who have a severe enough case to be hospitalized is going to stay relatively constant. If the number of people newly hospitalized doubles, it's a good sign that the total number of cases has approximately doubled as well, and that second number is something we don't necessarily have the testing capacity to determine otherwise.
Yeah, and it's that inaction that should, frankly, lead to the expectation that we're gonna need to give up fun holidays for the time being. They've shut down the whole world to try and stop people from dying, but somehow any kind of inconvenience is just too much for us.
The only issue I have with what you say here is that it assumes that the profile of the infected is consistent as well.  If more vulnerable populations became more protected over time, the case count could increase faster than the hospitalization rate.   But agree that the number of cases isn't a great metric since so many go untested. That's why I've always included the state-level positive rate too.
That's a good point, but on some level every metric is flawed. Percent positive tests can help indicate if we're not testing enough, but it's also hard to directly convert that into a total number of estimated cases. I think we're in agreement that it's important to look at multiple different things to get the best possible picture, though.
100%.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 14 (+1%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 74 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 67 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.7%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.7%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.8%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+1%), on Jul 29, we would expect to have seen 952 new cases since today (68 per day, an increase of 0 per day compared to the current period).
When will we see a negative change ? 😭

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 15 (-1%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 67 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 67 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 7.9%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.6%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.8%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-1%), on Jul 30, we would expect to have seen 935 new cases since today (66 per day, a decrease of 0 per day compared to the current period).
Thank you for posting these. It really helps
You're owed a beer (or a keg).  Hmu after all this is over (if we're still alive).
https://covidtracking.com/data/state/north-carolina/
I wonder what happened to  other medical cases like regular flu. It seems like they magically disappeared
Is the change in data reporting (no longer to CDC) going to affect your ability to provide these updates?
Haha, so dark...  I'm envisioning a Bull McCabe's party for 'Friends of the Reddit BullCity sub COVID thread guy'
i don't know about you, but I'm wearing a mask, staying away from people and washing my hands a lot. All of that also works on the flu.
I can't say for 100% certain how it will affect the numbers. But I have asked the same question, and the answer I got was that it probably won't be a big deal because most of the providers that collect the information are sending it to the state health dept rather than CDC. NCDHHS is the original source for the information that the Durham Co Health Department reports.  So unless there are some providers that stop sending data to NCDHHS and start sending it to the federal HHS, we shouldn't be affected.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 16 (-5%)

So Durham’s numbers seem relatively low while the state’s are higher. Do you know in which counties it’s worst in? Wake, Mecklenburg, out by the coast?
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 92 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 66 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.0%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.6%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.9%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-5%), on Jul 31, we would expect to have seen 879 new cases since today (62 per day, a decrease of 3 per day compared to the current period).
so we're "roughly" linear, like most of the state.
What website are you getting this on?
durham's one of the worst per capita. tied with mecklenburg.
I get that you hedged with the word relatively, but I wouldn't say Durham county numbers are low.  They are just not increasing.  We need to get them down a lot further!
Our numbers are actually not great relative to our population. We have 152 confirmed cases per 100k people, whereas Wake has 88 per 100k
The state dashboard has a county map by cases.  You can also toggle the map to cases per 10,000 residents.  It's a quick way to get an idea about the distribution of cases over the state.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard
Good question. I don't have specific numbers for the other counties although I'm sure you could find something on the state dashboard:  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard)   I will say that there are 2 ways of measuring the outbreak. First is the rate of infections per capita. Second is the rate at which infections are increasing or decreasing.   You can be good on one measure and poor on the other.
Having looked at your "Yesterdays report for Durham Co." numbers over the past many days, I am thinking that it is likely we will start seeing some + % numbers relatively soon. It seems like we have had quite a few days recently where cases were higher than the 2 week average. Of course, it will depend on cases going forward as well, but I am pessimistic about keeping the change from prior period number to a negative in the near-term.
Yep. https://rt.live/us/NC  Current estimate is that every case is leading to 1.01 new cases. Almost perfectly flat.
The Durham numbers are from https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/  The data to calc the state positive rate is from https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard
Yeah you needed to interpret A LOT of hedging in relatively! Completely agree with you though.
That’s really interesting about Wake v. Durham.
Thank you!
That makes sense. I just keep seeing NC being listed as a national hotspot and then your data keeps showing our numbers decreasing. But you’re right that’s kind of an apples v. oranges comparison.
Just an FYI, that dashboard has a ton of issues with the county/zip filter, and the chart/table. Some zips it will change for cases to per 10,000. Others it won't. And it seems to be mapped horribly wrong: https://imgur.com/a/qkBDSGL  And for those that don't see it, they list:   Durham County as Franklin County   Davidson County as Durham County   Wilson County as July 17, 2020 County    I'm sure all of them are jacked up, just the 3 I found most funny/relevant.
Possible. But not guaranteed. On the one hand, our really low reporting dates after the 4th are set to move into the prior period, which should reduce the prior period total and increase our rate of change. On the flip side, the prior period now contains a few heavy reporting days (+100 cases), which should decrease our rate of change.  The past week has seen 5 days below 75 cases and 2 days above 90. The answer to your worries will come down to whether we see the "< 75 cases" days more or less frequently going forward.  &#x200B;  Past two weeks:  Jul 16: 92  Jul 15: 67  Jul 14: 74  Jul 13: 91  Jul 12: 72  Jul 11: 74  Jul 10: 62  Jul 09: 82  Jul 08: 70  Jul 07: 35  Jul 06: 63  Jul 05: 56  Jul 04: 49  Jul 03: 44  &#x200B;  Prior two Weeks  Jul 02: 101  Jul 01: 71  Jun 30: 128  Jun 29: 54  Jun 28: 44  Jun 27: 51  Jun 26: 54  Jun 25: 77  Jun 24: 66  Jun 23: 74  Jun 22: 54  Jun 21: 64  Jun 20: 88  Jun 19: 59
North Carolina is an impressive model of consistency in our Rt.
Yeah, the definition of hot spot is really subjective.
this is showing the percentage change in the increase in cases. meaning that it can be 0% all the time but it's still bad if each day you see hundreds of new cases.  what we would like to see is a 0% change based on a lower bi-weekly increase.  another point of view: 0% means the growth is linear, and not exponential as in the worst time of the pandemic. but the subtext is that there is constant growth of the number of cases. the growth is flat. the level is increasing. the acceleration is zero.
Love seeing this all in one place. Thank you!

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 17 (-2%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 64 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 67 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.1%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.5%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.9%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (-2%), on Aug 1, we would expect to have seen 932 new cases since today (66 per day, a decrease of 1 per day compared to the current period).
ty

Durham COVID-19 Cases in Context

I would suggest making the colors for total cases and number of deaths more distinct- had a moment of panic just now lol
I have deeply appreciated u/zcapozzi and their posts helping to show the two week comparison of COVID-19 cases. I realized while walking around for some errands that it seemed as though our general level of concern around the city is not to the extreme we should be as our state-wide coronavirus case numbers increase by over two thousand each day.  The full picture of the data is taken from [Durham County Public Health](https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/). Though the number of new folks contracting the virus per day has stabilized, overall our number is still going up dramatically. As that number continues to grow, deaths will continue to grow.  We don't need to be alarmist here, but remember the broader picture in order to keep our community safe. Thank you again, u/zcapozzi and all of our frontline nurses and doctors taking care of us. Hopefully we can honor their work, stay inside a little bit more, and finally get back to life as normal.  Note: This is literally just a screenshot of DCHP's data, not my own.
On a somewhat related note, the health department puts out daily emails to various audiences with Covid info. Here’s the link if you want to sign up for the general public one: https://mailchi.mp/db6f59d0f831/durhamcountycovid-19info_generalpublic
When someone tests positive, how do they determine when to remove that person's case from the current cases number? Do they just put like a time limit on it and assume you recover if they don't get more data on you? I've known several people who tested positive but recovered and never got a test to confirm negative (didn't develop bad enough symptoms to be hospitalized, just self quarantined). As time goes on, I'm curious about this element in the data.
That red line is useless and makes the whole thing rather useless. Why not use the other scale that is right there??
You might want to tweet that to the DCHP, from which I stole this.
Yeah no joke. Who thought navy blue and black would be good colors for those two things?
That's great, thank you!
Most places don't report "current cases" because, like you said, it's really tough to determine when someone has "recovered". Both Durham and the State estimate people recovered from the virus, but it's not an element on that graph. It's reported on the main Durham County Health Department Health Hub page for our county and report in a weekly PDF file released by NC DHHS on Mondays.  They generally just assume any case that's 2 weeks old and not dead is "recovered", which isn't particularly accurate as symptoms can persist for a long time for some people, but is good enough for epidemiological purposes as people generally are no longer infectious even if their symptoms persist that long.
sorry, didnt see your comment!
I'm curious if this will eventually become monitored. Right now it's kind of silly to actively monitor it because the cases are clearly still on the rise (as evidenced by the 7 day rolling average and the 14 day updates we get), but if we never track the current cases, we won't be able to see downward trends as easily.  Maybe when we get into a plateau of growth (instead of just the linear growth we are seeing now), they will start doing more to monitor that.
No problem!

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 18 (+4%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 67 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 69 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.0%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.7%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 8.0%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+4%), on Aug 2, we would expect to have seen 1,008 new cases since today (72 per day, an increase of 2 per day compared to the current period).
I think this is very helpful to have on reddit and I agree that the numbers you are reporting are likely the most relevant.   I have a request. Could you clarify in the title that this is the Case counts *increase*? Just "Case counts" may make it seem like 969 is the count of cases on July 18th.  Also visually you could use different colors in the top bar to visualize whether the number is "good" or "bad", even from a subjective standpoint. Specifically I would argue a constant increase of 1000 cases over biweekly periods is not catastrophic but it's pretty bad, I'd give it a yellow top bar. Green bars would be for large decreases in additional case counts, or small ones too if the number is low in absolute value.  there are minor comments that in my opinion would help people who may otherwise read 4.1% and think that's low so all is well.
Going to your profile and scrolling through these posts is one of the coolest most informative things I’ve been able to do in a while. Thank you!!
Thanks for the suggestions. I have updated the graphic to specify that the counts are new cases. As of tomorrow, the post title will reflect that as well. Small change, more specific, not a problem.  The coloration suggestion is interesting. I think it hits on a central challenge with COVID messaging. One that I think could be a powerful tool if used correctly.  But in general, I'm hesitant to use the graphic to signal much in terms of good or bad. I'd prefer to just keep it straight facts for the simple fact that everyone has a different, sliding, scale of whether a locality is doing well or poorly. Many believe that as long as hospitals are not overwhelmed, we are in good shape. Some, believe that we should be doing everything we can to get cases to zero. In general, I think that people who are focused on the economy vs bringing cases to zero are really after the same thing, but that's neither here nor there.  But using the graphic to signal good or bad necessarily means picking one definition, and I'm hesitant to do that. I think the comments/debate is the right place for that to happen.  But I think that the color idea is interesting if people thought of it not as "good/bad" but as a clue to how their own behavior should shift. Everyone has their own spectrum from cautious to aggressive in the face of the pandemic. For some, cautious is not leaving home, for others, it means wearing a mask in public.  The percentage change in cases should really be used by each person to shift their own behavior on their own scale accordingly.    Now, granted, using an approach like this means settling somewhere between "get cases to zero" and "don't let hospitals get overloaded" (probably closer to the latter), but it would also have the HUGE benefit of making it less of a debate and more of a collective solution.   Anyway, thanks for the suggestion. I think even just the labeling changes will reduce the risk of misinterpretation.
I completely agree with you on all points, and I have only one comment: the issue with coloring is definitely subjective as you say, but I'd argue that green as a color is associated to positive, "good", optimistic ideas. so what I'm saying is that even if you keep the same color each time, which color you pick may not be irrelevant.  I guess my point is related to nudge theory and such things and it ultimately impacts very little on the overall message. but I find the issues of statistical/scientific communication very interesting - specifically when considering the constraints you're facing (mainly the required small image size and low complexity of the message)

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 19 (+6%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 62 new cases and 1 death. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 69 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.0%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.9%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 8.1%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+6%), on Aug 3, we would expect to have seen 1,029 new cases since today (73 per day, an increase of 3 per day compared to the current period).
"Weekly Data Reflections Week of July 13, 2020"  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/ea94109a53734aa38025bd3bf7ff2f7d  July 13th Infographic:  https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/eb965e51d7e94ab883bfa68824c1db3c
I don't understand why they still use the wrong scale for the red line. It should use the same scale as the green line. It's useless as is. I must be missing something, because this seems like graphing 101.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 20 (+5%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 63 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 69 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.1%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.4%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 8.0%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+5%), on Aug 4, we would expect to have seen 1,019 new cases since today (72 per day, an increase of 3 per day compared to the current period).

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 21 (+15%)

Thank you for posting this daily! I have come to rely on this information.
Here's some information out of Duke's health system for anyone that's interested.   https://imgur.com/a/GzxxG9M
Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 89 new cases and 0 deaths. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 73 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.3%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.4%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.9%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+15%), on Aug 5, we would expect to have seen 1,185 new cases since today (84 per day, an increase of 11 per day compared to the current period).
Thanks to the folks who have gathered and partied for July 4th this is why we can’t have nice things.
Fuck-  Me, definitely.
Glad it is helpful!
Same
Thanks for sharing. Really encouraging to see that the positive rate has been steady (or maybe slightly decreasing) since early June. That's consistent with a world where the variations we are seeing in Durham new case counts are related to testing volumes and less to changes in disease spread.
If partying was driving all this case growth, wouldn't all groups in Durham be roughly equally affected?   https://durhampublichealth-durhamnc.hub.arcgis.com/  Nothing has really changed since May (when we started testing a lot more and capturing what was going on).  Basically, the people who can't work from home (and the families they live with), are getting Covid way more than anybody else, who can work from home.
Yeah man, was just doing the math on rough infection date since this seems like a huge deviation from our previous downward trend, and BAM- who woulda thunk it
Nothing besides 2 highly social holidays, moving to phase 2 despite not merting metrics outlined, and a set of the general public saying "Fuck you" to common sense.  Edit: And plenty of demonstrations.  But other than that, nothing changed.
Partying is clearly driving up the numbers why do you think they’ve now cut alcohol sales off early in some areas.
> why do you think they’ve now cut alcohol sales off early in some areas.  That's the classic "do something" government response to these kind of things. It's about as effective as those "drug free zones" signs they put at schools and other places  Covid was always spreading due to people's essential jobs and living conditions, as shown by Durham's Public Health data. People can make whatever assertions they want, but it's not based on the data we have
Actually bars [are particularly risky](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/06/25/well/live/coronavirus-spread-bars-transmission.amp.html). Note the study that shows particle emission goes up a lot with volume (loudness) of speech. Hopefully essential workers are wearing masks, but bar goers aren't. One guy in that article was traced to over 100 infections from one night of bar hopping.
I do think that cutting off alcohol sales is a good idea, I've seen some "restaurants" with packed bars at 12AM on a Friday night.  But I agree with you that it is spreading much more in those who have no choice but to be exposed to the general public, or working in close quarters with others outside their household.
Can we start shaming people for yelling, please?
Maybe not the case if they are wearing masks, unlike bars where people are not wearing masks, talking loudly (= more spread), and breathing each other's are for hours on end.
There's a bar in NYC where the staff, dressed like monks, go around a shush people if they get loud at all. It's rather nice, you can chat at low to normal volume and hear fine. It's calm and quiet.

Durham Co. COVID-19 Case Count Update for Jul 22 (+13%)

Yesterday's report for Durham Co. included 54 new cases and 1 death. Over the past 2 weeks, we have averaged 72 new cases per day.  For some additional context, in the prior 2-week period, the state-level positive rate was 8.2%; over the past two weeks, it was 8.3%. Taking the wider view (past 2 months), the state-wide positive rate was 7.9%.  Should we keep at our current rate of growth (+13%), on Aug 6, we would expect to have seen 1,144 new cases since today (81 per day, an increase of 9 per day compared to the current period).
😬
I dont think people realize these are records that *shouldnt* be broken.
Shit! I thought the last few days were just a blip. Could all this be from July 4th weekend almost 3 weeks out?
There are so many factors at play here that it is impossible to ascribe a meaningful share of the change to anything in particular unfortunately.  Lame answer, I know.
Also all the open the state protests?
Yeah, true. I just worry people who went to parties on the 4th and didn't get sick are now emboldened and are taking more risks.
Thinking it through - exposure in early July >  5-14 days to develop symptoms and get tested > by then,  the time to get results may have been 7-9 BUSINESS days... so, that would line up with this week.
Good point. I heard early on a "large percentage" (not sure what) of people have symptoms by day 5, but I guess that doesn't mean symptoms so severe they got tested that day. Plus, the lag with results! There may still be hope.

Looking For More Durham Residents To Provide Insight On How Coronavirus Has Affected Them


