Thanks to COVID-19, NC DMV won’t begin replacing old license plates until next year


Can someone explain to me the roadblocks that exist and that prevent the state of NC from meeting its testing benchmarks for COVID-19 ? Is it funding? Lack of tests? How did the other states that met their testing benchmark achieve that goal?

Secretary Dr Mandy Cohen said that we’re experiencing shortages in testing supplies, I believe she said that on Monday or Tuesday of this week, so that could have something to do with it
I can’t freaking read 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️   Edit- we seem to hit our benchmarks during the week. However there is a shortage on the reagent needed for the tests (I believe it was Thursday when I read this)
My understanding is that every state had to come up with their own response with the feds not stepping in to help.   They all had to scramble and compete for supplies that were in high demand. And apparently NC got out-bid on the testing.      Now, why the hell they haven't developed a contact tracing app at all is confusing to me.
I can’t go into it too deep, but look at the State leadership.  Raleigh News and Observer reported on it multiple times.  Some of the more critical headlines include failure to test senior facilities, failures in the prison system, & other similar shortcomings.
Roadblocks -  there are certain persons who believe masks are an infringement on their rights, that social distancing is unneeded, and that COVID 19 either isn't real or not that serious an illness.
Yeah looks like there is a shortage of the reagent now.. yet Massachusetts and NY are in the green when it comes to testing.. maybe they have been aggressive with the testing from the beginning and NC has not?
Can you explain how that app would work?
What does this have to do with testing?
Due to the federal government not organizing anything (actually actively seizing supplies from states to resell back to the states for a profit), the states have the "bid" against each other for supplies and hide the supplies. For every mask/reagent/etc that our state "wins" in a bid, the other states actively bidding for the same supplies lose out.  For every bit of reagent/etc that NY gets... we don't get anyway.  Some states are banding together to bid as a group, to strengthen their bidding power. AFAIK NC isn't doing that yet.
The one here in Germany is optional, they can’t force you to download it even though they’d like you to.  It basically tracks your movements and if you come into contact with someone who tests positive for it, then you’ll be contacted as part of the contact tracing.   But in the US, we’ve got the right to privacy, so something like that might be unconstitutional.  🤷🏻‍♂️
More spread means more people exposed,  which means greater need for testing. All that leads to testing supplies getting used up faster than they can be produced,  so we start missing goals for completed tests.
Idiots = rise in cases/transmission = longer to move on to next phase in recovery.
Thank you for this explanation
That's what I was thinking. Apple and Google put the ability to use that type of tracking on our phones automatically a few weeks ago, but both say you need to download specific apps for them to work.      Not going to get full compliance (or even 50% compliance) here in the US if it's optional. And the constitution won't let it be mandated.
I’ve been in Germany for work, but I heard about that back home.  Pretty crazy that they just did something like that!

COVID-19 announcement Carolina Renaissance Festival

Sucks because a Plague themed attraction would have been off the hook.
I feel this was inevitable because honestly, the state is not getting better, but this was my last planned event for 2020. Man, I've got a LOT of vacation time to blow just sitting around at home. Better start planning my staycation dates now.
This was the last thing I was looking forward to in 2020 that has been cancelled! It’s the right call but damn I am sad. Now I have even more time to put together my costume I guess.....
Sad but wise news.  Are there currently any plans for a virtual festival where we could support the entertainers and tradespeople?
Alas
Ugh, glad they made this decision because it was the only responsible one. Now to wait for the Fair to be cancelled. FML.
I’m glad I got to experience this for the first time last year, can’t wait for things to get better around here.
Alas! Methinks the plague would have brought a whole new level of realism to the festivities.
the one year so far that we have a plague and they cancel it.
Thanks everyone.  Those interested in supporting the community of touring artists who have been out of work, and with no reprieve in sight, can learn how to help at:    https://www.facebook.com/groups/FR2020
Sad to hear, but honestly, it's the right decision to make  Thank you to the folks trying to keep us safe ❤️. ☮️ Leslie
Was this just posted today? Because I only just checked today and saw this.
A hard choice, but the right choice.
Wear your fucking masks. This is bullshit
https://youtu.be/er4nYH9xZdA
Guess I'm gonna have to smoke my own turkey legs this year.  Who am I kidding; I was going to smoke turkey legs anyway.
Now where am I gonna get a turkey leg?
Which Carolina?  Or do we just assume there's nothing of the sort further south?
It's all fun and games until the plague doctors show up, only they're not cosplaying.
There are still low-risk vacations you can take. My wife and I went to the mountains recently; we rented a cabin and didn't see anybody else the whole time we were there.
Yea, I have my time booked and whenever an event cancels I just beat around the house.  It sucks because my "PTO" is actually helping run conventions and other events where my gas, food, hotel gets comped so I can't easily just get a hotel somewhere else equivalently. I have the money from reducing lifestyle across the board, I just can't stand to part with it due to current events...
Same. Sad, but probably the right call.
I feel your pain — I had this, the Epicenter 2020 concert, and Oktoberfest planned.   You’re in good company.   Let’s live it up when this is all over!
There's a Facebook group called Faire Relief 2020 where you can support the artisans of renn faires.
"Bring out your dead"
In an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. We will manually review your post and activate it if it fits the rules of this subreddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And the NC State Fair is probably a goner too.
Or a Holy Grail cosplay.   “Bring out ye dead!”  (honestly, you were going to hear most of the lines from the film anyway as you walked around)
Everyone is at the home depot or lowes.
I'm a little limited because I have a 2-year-old. Though we did spend this past weekend at my father-in-law's lake house in Hickory, which the 2-year-old loved.
Can you recommend a location? TYIA
When will it be over exactly?  I seem to remember 14 days to flatten the curve....what are they saying now?  When we have zero cases?
What are they then?
Truer words have never been spoken.
The place we stayed at was https://www.huffmancreekretreat.com/, just outside of Robbinsville. It was gorgeous and had some great hiking trails. We found this particular place by going to sites like airbnb and vrbo and looking for cabins to rent; there are a ton of them, and given the current economic situation a lot of them have reduced their prices.
My company sent me here to Germany.   I got here before the spike in the States and when I left, the Schengen Zone shut down.  That was March.  They just reopened 01 July.   Everyone is wearing masks here, social distancing, & even though clubs and barber shops are open, they’re all taking precautions.   For a while, you couldn’t be in groups of more than two or you’d risk a fine from the Polizi.  Measures here were pretty draconian for a democracy.   But cases are on the decline.   I don’t see the US getting there until the end of the year and then I worry about Flu Season — who is COVID-positive and who just had a cold?   It’ll be rough for a while back there.
Flatten the curve was to prevent overwhelming our hospitals, not eradicate the virus. With the way cases are still rising....it may be awhile lol
It will never be over
umm they're definitely not emu (which is WAY more expensive than turkey) and I have no idea what you're talking about with "processed and pressed turkey" but would love to see your source.  side note, the last State Fair drive-thru food event apparently had giant turkey legs.
Are you referring to that Conan show interview where an actor joked about the turkey leg being emu?:  https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/disney-turkey-leg-emu/  Cause there's nothing online about fake turkey legs, emu or otherwise. What mixed sources are you using?
what reputable sources are you finding that are saying it's not turkey? that would be a good place for us to start if you want help in clarifying.

Children exposed to COVID-19 at Raleigh summer camp


Raleigh summer camp notifies parents of COVID-19 case exposure

Well, since June/July summer camps aren't safe from exposure, how's all this all gonna go down in late August, when K-12 schools and Universities open back up?
>The city of Raleigh notified some parents late Sunday that someone at their child’s summer camp tested positive for COVID-19.   >Exposure began on June 29 — the same day that city summer camps reopened — at the Millbrook Exchange Park youth day camp, which includes the Ann Gordon Center for Active Adults.   >A total of 24 families attended the camp last week and all were notified, according to the city.
who could possibly have seen this coming?
I don’t know, but the plan for Wake County schools is an absolute shit show.
Public schools are on track to open on August 17, with staff returning the week before! It’s sooner than late August this year thanks to NCGA. I think universities are starting around Aug. 10 this year, too. We’ve moved everything earlier rather than later which seems wild to me. As a public school employee, I’m worried.

On day Raleigh camps opened, children exposed to COVID-19 :: WRAL.com

Good to see that we still haven't learned anything after all these months.
I'm not surprised, but I don't blame the city for offering the camp, or parents for sending their kids.  Kids need social and educational experiences.  I'm very concerned that the next generation will have poor social skills and reduced academic ability.    But if the virus is so far out of control that they can't avoid exposing kids *on day one,* there is no way we can safely reopen schools.  Elementary kids need the social interaction most; elementary schools are a high power bioreactor for viruses like the common cold.
I know this is fantasy land, but how very nice would daily rapid testing be??
Was the person who tested positive a child or adult working in the camp? If it was an adult where they tested before the camp started?
Sheesh
This is unfortunate but it sounds like it was handled well - the kid was only there for one day (maybe sent home even?). In a another week, we will know for sure if this caused an outbreak cluster.
Wait til school starts back and parents send their kids to school sick and refuse to come pick them up. School will last two weeks, then covid will spread like a wildfire among the faculty and staff.
And ice is cold, wtf!
> I'm very concerned that the next generation will have poor social skills and reduced academic ability.  laughs in millennial
I used to work at an elementary school. I started in February, height of flu season. I INSTANTLY got sick. I’m talking by the end of my first week, I was ill. Schools are germ incubators.  I can’t imagine what would happen if schools reopened anytime soon. It would be a complete disaster.
We dont have to worry about american kids falling behind other american kids.  Pretty much all over the country they are all dealing with the same issues as far as education.   I dont disagree kids need the socail interaction.  a year to child seems like forever because they have only been on the earth a short time but in their lifespan it really a small amount of time. if they loose a year or 18 month socail skill building so be it.
The city and parents are both 100% to blame for this. What part of Global Pandemic spread by [airborne transmission](https://weather.com/health/coronavirus/news/2020-07-06-coronavirus-updates-covid-19-airborne-transmission), requiring ppe and maintaining social distance,  do people not seem to understand?   **EDIT** I referenced an article that frequently uses the S word (science) in my link, apologies in advance in case anyone is triggered.
If you test the adult a week before starting camp they have to 100% isolate from test time to start of camp.  Unless you test everyone the day camp starts and isolate them from outside folks there is no way to be sure.    Its early.  I would be wiling to bet if we had good contact tracing going on we will find out thaat one case in an adult is gonna lead to more cases. Kids might not often show symptoms and get sick but i dont know anyone saying they dont carry it and spread it. so little jonny at camp contacts this adult and is fine. Except he contacted 5 other kids who contacted 10 parants and maybe some siblings and some others. Some of them get sick keeping the cycle going.
It was a child and they were only there one day. Kind of sounds like they had symptoms and were sent home but that part isn't clear in the article.
"The kids are going to day care, they're going to school, especially the younger ones [who] aren't necessarily as polite with their coughs and sneezes," Freeman says. "So it's really easy for those diseases to spread."  Yet that's not what's been reported so far with COVID-19.  Freeman, who studied coronaviruses for her Ph.D,, says children are clearly susceptible to the other known coronaviruses that circulate each year during cold and flu season. Yet something different is happening with this new one.   https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2020/06/20/880983822/coronavirus-mystery-are-kids-less-likely-to-catch-it-than-adults-are  This article says that the rate of transmission to adults cannot be fully documented.  But if YMCA’s are keeping essential worker’s kids and there isn’t talk of outbreaks like nursing homes.... I think it’s worth considering.   Also from the most recent articles I’ve seen; adults are spreading it to the kids; unlike what was feared in February.
1yr-18 months is a HUGE deal the younger the child is
https://www.npr.org/2020/06/24/882316641/what-parents-can-learn-from-child-care-centers-that-stayed-open-during-lockdowns   Y’all are about to put me on blast... but here it is
[This graph is from April](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/the-front-line-visualizing-the-occupations-with-the-highest-covid-19-risk/), when we had less data, but also before lockdown was imposed.  Childcare workers are at a higher covid risk than any profession that isn't directly involved with healthcare or emergency response, with the exception of flight attendants, who are crammed into a tube with 300 people.    [Here's a similar graph, which identifies elementary school teachers as a specific population](https://www.politico.com/interactives/2020/coronavirus-impact-on-low-income-jobs-by-occupation-chart/)  Rather high risk.  An individual may get the virus from anywhere, but if a profession as a whole has a high rate of infection, the logical starting assumption is that they get it at work.  In the case of elementary school teachers, they get it from the kids.  The kids themselves will mostly have such mild symptoms that they won't be tested.  If the parents get sick and get tested, there is a good chance that the kids will not come up positive on a nasal swab, only an antibody test would show the evidence of infection- and those tests are apparently somewhat unreliable.

Covid-19 in U.S. - Evolution 15 States with more Cases - From 1 April to 4 July

Looks like Michigan did some good damage control
Watching Texas near the end was horrifying.

NC DHHS discusses current COVID-19 data on children & schools
[https://twitter.com/nckhui/status/1280923072997076992](https://twitter.com/nckhui/status/1280923072997076992)  According to Keung Hui, K-12 education reporter for The N&O, NC DHHS discussed the current COVID-19 data on children and schools at State Board of Education meeting.  **Here was what they shared:**  * Rates of COVID19 infections are lower for children than for adults  * Children may be less likely to become infected after exposure  * Children have mostly mild or asymptomatic illness if infected  * if infected children may be less likely to infect others with COVID19  * Unlike with flu, and other respiratory illnesses, children are inefficient spreaders and may not be a major factor in the spread  * While there have been clusters, so far schools have not seemed to play a major role in COVID19 transmission  * Studies from China, Hong Kong, and Singapore, suggest school closures did not contribute to the control of. the epidemic.   * Early modeling studies of COVID19 predict school closures alone would prevent only 2-4% of deaths.
Wife is a teacher, guessing she is straight up screwed.
All of those inferences are inherently flawed for one major reason: schools haven’t been open and kids haven’t been in school. So of course they haven’t spread it as much and of course the infection rates have been lower.   Also, we need to stop comparing results from HK and other parts of Asia where they have widespread testing, contact tracing, and strong buy in and cooperation among the general public for SD and mask wearing. We ain’t the same.
This is nice and all, but a key point that is missing, is that these countries gave a fuck about containing the virus unlike this country where no one gives a shit and we have thousands of cases being added daily.
Sure, kids aren’t likely to spread the infection. Unfortunately, schools generally need adults in order to function smoothly.   Even though schools are underfunded and have fewer teachers/adult supports than kids really need to learn effectively, there are still a LOT of adults in every school building. Many of them are older, female and BIPOC. This is especially true in schools with the least funding - which are also schools Likely to have old, ineffective HVAC systems - exacerbating the likelihood of airborne transmission for teachers.  So, sure, it might be safe for kids and best for kids. But do we just not care about education professionals?
Didn't a larger organization, like CDC or WHO just say they do not have enough data to understand the impacts like transmission and symptoms in kids at this point?  I cannot find the article discussing an authority's information easily.  &#x200B;  EDIT: found it  [https://www.cnbc.com/2020/07/08/cdc-director-says-theres-no-data-children-drive-coronavirus-spread-but-the-us-isnt-testing-many-kids.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/07/08/cdc-director-says-theres-no-data-children-drive-coronavirus-spread-but-the-us-isnt-testing-many-kids.html)     * “We really don’t have evidence that children are driving the  transmission cycle of this,” Redfield said at a White House Task Force  briefing to address school reopenings. * But there’s not enough  data to definitely arrive at that conclusion, White House health  advisor Dr. Deborah Birx said later in the briefing on Wednesday.  * “Our  data is skewed originally to people with symptoms, and then skewed to  adults over 18, so we are looking very closely into that category by  using our antibody test,” Birx said
The flaw in all these studies is not the low percentage but the ANY percentage. Only some deaths in small children still equals deaths. Only some transmission to adults is still transmission to adults.    So in spite of it being less bad than other stuff... it's still not good. And way worse than anything else that kids are potentially exposed to.    In the end it's not about the data but about the % of people who are anti-mask and anti-science. That will increase whatever % we are talking about. I am most likely sending my kids, with masks, and with trepidation hoping it is not a horrible decision
My mom is immunocompromised and was told by her doctor that she will, without a doubt, die if she catches it. I teach high school and this is seriously concerning.
Just wanted to share an update based on the video message teachers received today from Superintendent Moore. She wanted to reply to the wave of questions from teachers regarding plan B.   1 - all teachers, whether teaching in person or remotely, will be required to teach from a school building. Only teachers with documented high-risk of COVID will be given accommodations. Living with someone who is high-risk does not guarantee that you’ll be able to teach remotely while remote yourself. This will be up to the discretion of individual principals.   2 - teachers have been asking if they will be simultaneously teaching 3 groups of kids, 2 online and 1 in person. The answer was, essentially, yes. She recommends that we get creative by “perhaps joining with another class so one of you can teach remotely” or “asking another educator not assigned to your room to help support with online or in person learning.” 🧐(this increasing potential exposure....?)   3 - if there are confirmed cases in a school, the school will not necessarily close. Only individuals with prolonged contact with an infected individual will be required to quarantine.   Finally, this video was accompanied by a long list of FAQs. There was a whole section on unemployment. 😕   Things currently don’t look great for the risk of exposure for WCPSS employees.
My kid still wouldn’t be attending in person classes at least for the fall possibly all year.
I just am feeling confused by a lot of the feedback on this post and some of the downvoting.  Over the past few weeks, I've been sharing these studies that came to these same conclusions. I have been ridiculed by many for believing those, saying I should be listening to NC DHHS and our leaders as they know best.  Now NC DHHS is sharing those exact same findings and it seems the feedback from **some** is 'NC DHHS is wrong and we shouldn't listen to them on this.' Now shifting to ignoring NC DHHS and looking to CDC for guidance.  **Is it possible that some people are making up their own minds about the virus, promoting scientists/ studies/health groups that confirm their beliefs and ignoring scientists/studies/health groups that do not?**  Is that what "follow the science" means to **some**?  Just find it strange that NC DHHS was being sold by many as the source of truth for our state and suddenly it feels like there is now an attempt by **some** to discredit them bc those people do not agree with their interpretation of the data and the science.  Ready for the downvotes, but please give this notion a second thought.
in the first 5 bullet points, "may" was used as a qualifier for 3 while the other 2 used relative terms ("lower" and "mostly) to downplay but not eliminate risk. the 6th bullet point is qualified with "seemed" and also refers to how schools haven't played a major role when they've barely even been open during COVID, while the 7th  bullet compares us to countries that have had far different responses.   your responses in this thread also make it clear that you haven't worked in a school nor understand the logistics.
Trust the experts?
So the schools are reopening.
Basically. Not sure why people treat teachers like shit.
My wife is a speech therapist for the schools, and pregnant. I really hope they don't go back in the fall.
Yeah I all for reopening but there is not contact tracing  at the level we need, it’s ridiculous !
I'm guessing NC DHHS is likely using these scientific studies and recommendations since they come to those conclusions. Here are the ones I am aware of.  French study that shows children very rarely (if ever) spread the virus to each other or adults   [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-06-23/school-children-don-t-spread-coronavirus-french-study-shows](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-06-23/school-children-don-t-spread-coronavirus-french-study-shows)  2nd French study   [http://www.rfi.fr/en/france/20200604-french-covid-19-study-finds-children-far-less-contagious-than-adults](http://www.rfi.fr/en/france/20200604-french-covid-19-study-finds-children-far-less-contagious-than-adults)  NPR's recent article quotes a child care advocate that states" There are almost no recorded cases of child-to-adult transmission of COVID-19." and also quotes the YMCA saying they've seen very little spread   [https://www.npr.org/2020/06/24/882316641/what-parents-can-learn-from-child-care-centers-that-stayed-open-during-lockdowns](https://www.npr.org/2020/06/24/882316641/what-parents-can-learn-from-child-care-centers-that-stayed-open-during-lockdowns)  A serology study in young kids from the Lancet medical journal   [https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(20)31304-0/fulltext](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(20)31304-0/fulltext)  Dutch Insitute of Health study    [https://www.rivm.nl/en/novel-coronavirus-covid-19/children-and-covid-19](https://www.rivm.nl/en/novel-coronavirus-covid-19/children-and-covid-19)  UK study in The Lancet. 82 health institutions over 25 countries studied and found children way less likely to be infected and spread   [https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanchi/article/PIIS2352-4642(20)30177-2/fulltext](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanchi/article/PIIS2352-4642(20)30177-2/fulltext)  Canada's top pediatric medical facility recommendations [https://www.sickkids.ca/PDFs/About-SickKids/81407-COVID19-Recommendations-for-School-Reopening-SickKids.pdf](https://www.sickkids.ca/PDFs/About-SickKids/81407-COVID19-Recommendations-for-School-Reopening-SickKids.pdf)  AAP recommendations   [https://services.aap.org/en/pages/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-infections/clinical-guidance/covid-19-planning-considerations-return-to-in-person-education-in-schools/](https://services.aap.org/en/pages/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-infections/clinical-guidance/covid-19-planning-considerations-return-to-in-person-education-in-schools/)  Is anyone aware of a study that actually measures spread in children that comes to a different conclusion?  Not anecdotal article or study on how the virus works and presuming it works the same in children. But actual studies that measure infected children and their ability to spread?
It's genuinely embarrassing. We could have done so much better from the start but our leaders don't seem to give a shit and about 40% of the population feels exactly the same way.
I guess you could say the same about grocery store workers, waitresses, etc.
ICYMI: https://nypost.com/2020/07/22/cdc-boss-absolutely-comfortable-sending-grandkids-to-school/?utm_source=reddit.com  I'll wait while you use some of your day to discredit the head of the CDC.
Yeah these are scientific studies, the Lancet ones are peer reviewed actually, so those are going to be the ones that scientists believe are worthy of full trust. However, anyone is free to disagree or want more info.   That said, all I'm doing is sharing those and explaining that data that is likely behind the DHHS findings they shared.
Just like a lot of business owners are going to have to find new careers,  it looks like many career teachers may be forced to have to do the same. #NewNormal I guess.
I wouldn't either. It sounds as though are a whole lot of unknowns, and even more political pressure to get kids back in seats for whatever reason that is.   I find it super odd that NC is [relying \(cribbing\) Massachusetts](https://t.co/7cjZwXjbiu?amp=1) summary on the situation and not using their own information from the US and not from other countries (especially China).   From the document, the data is being used from mid June, so just as things are starting the ramp up, and they want to very much push flu vaccines (because they won't be able to tell the difference immediately when kids get the flu vs COVID).   Additional requirements/recommendations in MA (that NC seems to want to follow) would be:  * Face masks for everyone above 2nd grade * Minimum 3ft between people at all times * Desks 6ft apart * Use gyms and cafeterias to ensure these requirements are met * Face shields/googles for school nurses * Cohorts of students to keep similar groups of students together * Parents should screen all children each morning (temperature checks not reccomended) * Handwashing when coming in to school before eating, anytime you touch your mask, and when leaving school (for everyone) * Isolate anyone suspected to have COVID sysmptoms until they can go home * Try to get as high of flu vaccine compliance as possible * All schools must have a hybrid learning and remote only option in place, but in-person is the primary choice.  Honestly this all sounds well and good, but I very much doubt many if any school districts can follow these guidelines and still actually provide education to students.   It seems like this is the way to get kids back to being 'cared for' while mom and or dad get back to work.
That's totally up to you it seems. In fact, Keung Hui actually tweeted about that options as well. I'm guessing you are aware that you'll need to file for the 100% at-home option if you want to go that route.      [https://twitter.com/nckhui/status/1280963436785086465](https://twitter.com/nckhui/status/1280963436785086465)
Those findings don't state that there is no risk. Some people have lower risk tolerance than you, apparently.
Take that up with NC DHHS., their team of epidemiologists, and the entire American Academy of Pediatrics (doctors). I didn't make those bullet points up. You want them to give you 100% proof on a virus that is 4 months old?  Go read a medical journal, it's always 'may' , 'mostly' and 'seems' . Welcome to the world of science.   And I was a teacher for.3 years at a local high school when right after graduating college. Do you work in a school?
You should read The Death of Expertise
Some think teachers are just babysitters.  Some think teachers work for them and their child is the only one in the class.  Some get weird about having someone else bonding with their child.  With the defunding of the education system since the nineties classroom teachers have picked up the slack from all other school departments.  Their workload is about to triple with COVID related job duties.
*Republicans* treat them like shit.  It's part of the right-wing mission, ongoing since the 1980s, to destroy labor unions that don't blindly support them. See also: the US Postal Service.
Mine is young and healthy and I hope she doesn’t have to go back.  I can’t imagine dealing with your situation.
Here are the primary sources (for the secondary source links) and an explanation of the findings to provide more context.  Considering these and other publications, there is moderate evidence to suggest that children are less likely to be infected, and strong evidence that they have better outcomes when they contract the virus.  However, there is still a lack of direct evidence that children may be less infectious to others (although evidence points towards that being likely), and there is contradictory evidence when it comes to high school age students.  Based on this, ages <12 going back to school is a fairly low risk and should probably be tied to Phase 1 (or maybe even Phase 0) of reopening considering it has minimal health risk with significant economic benefits.  The data for high school ages is less clear and likely still represents a relatively high risk, although I would certainly argue education is more important than going to a restaurant or bar if we had to choose.  1)  https://www.pasteur.fr/fr/file/35404/download   This study was looking at a primary school which was shutdown before an outbreak was established at the school.  Their conclusion hinges on 3 students who were presumptively positive before the shutdown that resulted in no secondary cases among unrelated students/staff.  While this suggests that children may spread the virus less, this is far too small of a sample size given the currently estimated asymptomatic rate in the general population to draw a meaningful conclusion.  2)   https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.04.18.20071134v1.full.pdf   This study was very similar in design to the previous one, but occurred in a high school setting that experienced a localized outbreak prior to the school shutting down.  It appears the secondary source is confusing the data and conclusions between this study and the one on primary schools. > The IAR was higher in the high school group (38.3% 43.4%, and 59.3% for pupils, teachers, and school staff, respectively) than in parents and siblings (11.4% and 10.2%, respectively) (P <0.001).  Reading the primary source shows that the paper concludes the exact opposite of what the secondary source states.  Most of the evidence of children being less at risk is for ages <12, so it is possible that high schools are similar risk profiles to college or work environments.  3)  There doesn't seem to be a primary source associated with this article.  The evidence presented does look promising however, but be careful that the conclusions drawn reflect the context in which the data was collected.  For example, they implemented symptom and temperature screening, mask/glove wearing by staff, and most importantly restricted the kids to groups of 9 that did not intermingle.  So it is safe to conclude that given these precautions it appears to be a relatively safe environment for kids with minimal risk of virus spread.  However, you can not really use this data as evidence that kids are less infectious.  4)  This is a population based antibody study, which found results that suggest children are less likely to be infected based primarily on seropositive rate relative to other household members.    >We found evidence for strong clustering of infections within households (intracluster correlation coefficient 67·6% [95% CI 57·6–76·3]). Despite the apparent low seropositivity among the 123 children aged 5–9, 21 (17·1%) of them had at least one seropositive household member. By contrast, only 11 (3·0%) of the 369 participants aged 65 years or older had a seropositive household member.  ...  >We found that young children (5–9 years) and older people (≥65 years) had significantly lower seroprevalence than the other age groups. A single positive young child out of 123 in our sample suggests that infection was less prevalent in children than in adolescents and adults during this epidemic. These results are consistent with a small but growing body of evidence suggesting that young children are both infected and develop severe disease less often than adults, but much uncertainty remains. Although this might provide new insights for worldwide debates around opportunity and modality of schools reopening, the post-infection immune response in children is not clear.  This is one of the better sources with regards to relative risk of children being infected, but once again it does not have any data or draw any conclusions about how infectious children are to others.  5)  This link isn't a publication, but has extensive data and links to relevant publications for some portion of the information.  For those not aware, RIVM is roughly the Netherlands version of the FDA/CDC/NIH (and a few others) combined.  I'm not sure about other areas, but in the Virology field in particular they are very well known and have access to some of the best Virologists and Epidemiologists in the world, so when it comes to source trustworthiness this ranks highly.  Their primary evidence is the relative lack of family spread initiated by a child as the index case, which is still not direct evidence but is fairly convincing.  The ongoing study they are doing looking at spread in a family where the child was the index case will be very interesting to see.  It kinda sucks that Sweden was the one to take the herd immunity route, if it was the Dutch we would have answered so many questions by now.   6)  This paper elaborates on the relative risk to younger people and does not attempt to draw any conclusions on infectivity. >The most common source of infection was a parent, considered the index case in 324 (56%) individuals; for 24 (4%) individuals, the most probable index case was a sibling. In the remaining 234 (40%) individuals, the index case was a person outside of the immediate family or unknown.  This was only information included in their results that is related to infectivity or spread, but it was not elaborated on in the discussion.  Considering that schools were closed during the period the data was collected, one would expect adults to be the primary source of infection for kids.  7)  https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-020-0962-9  This is not a research publication, so the link above is for the citation used in reference to the claim of reduced spread in children (there was an additional citation, but it was a very poor quality review article).  This paper takes a modeling approach to examine what the outcomes would be comparing schools closed vs open.  It doesn't provide any direct evidence, but it does show that the effects of opening schools would be minimal, given all of the assumptions of the model are correct.  8)  This one is not a research publication, has no citations, and is looking more at ways to keep students safe under the assumption they are going back.
Interesting. That’d be great if true.
Yes, we do care about those workers. Which is why we are wearing masks, maintaining distance in checkout lines and installing plastic screens to help protect cashiers. But you’re right, it’s still probably not enough.  And yet K-5 students will not be wearing masks in Wake Co schools.   A key difference is that grocery workers and essential Workers don’t usually work in small rooms with old ventilation systems and a budget too small To fund proper daily sanitation. Grocery workers don’t have to bring their own Clorox wipes to work.   Most importantly - most workers don’t work exclusively with young children, who are notoriously terrible with hygiene. You would be amazed how many times a day a pencil goes into a kids mouth, then onto their paper, then into a teachers basked to be graded.   Other industries have profits to help offset operating costs and to accommodate new sanitation protocols... schools have been operating with serious budget cuts for years. I can’t imagine the state improving the budget for schools going into 2020-21, to help alleviate these concerns, given the shrinking tax base in our current economic climate.   I want schools to open as much, if not more, than most - I think the damages being done to children by losing socialization will mold an entire generation. But I just haven’t heard any proposals from our federal, state and local leadership that provide a safe working environment for school based employees.
Some not all are also paid better than Teachers in some cases.
That’s cool, this might be more relevant though:    https://www.eurosurveillance.org/content/10.2807/1560-7917.ES.2020.25.29.2001352#html_fulltext   A school in Israel that reopened in May had 2 cases turn into 260 cases. The middle school ages were affected worse than high school ages.
 NC already has a significant teacher shortage.
It’s a huge mess that’s for sure. I truly feel bad for the parents who aren’t able to work from home and rely on school as the bulk of child care. Considering colleges are testing just the athletes that are back and finding positives concern me for when the rest of the students return to campus.
As a health care provide I am of the opinion no child needs to attend in person classes this. As for filing paperwork thankfully our children are adults so there’s no need.
Exactly this. Maybe if OP wouldn't mind sharing just how many random dead people they are okay with?
100% correct.   That is why I think for parents who can stay home with their child or afford to get them some home supervision the [Wake County Virtual Academy](https://www.wcpss.net/Virtual-Academy?fbclid=IwAR3Th2MKKcpgS2kQ1rSuUEnBBRRrifkM2VNZA7Iwh1d-CfKisL9w5q9k79Y) is a great option.      Parents who weigh the risk associated with sending their kids in with a virus going around  **vs.** the cost/ability to have supervision for them at home and decide to keep them home, they can opt-in.   For those who feel the opposite, they can send their children in.      By creating a cut-off of July 10th for the Wake County Virtual Academy opt-in, they will be able to see staffing needs for in-person education. Then teachers who want to come in and teach can. *There will likely have to be a pay differential for those teaching in-person vs those working with the Virtual Academy, to create incentive for young healthy teachers to come in and teach.*
thanks for proving my point, which is that everything right now is a best guess and not remotely definitive, especially since the virus is \~8 months old. as someone who does work at a school, I'm not willing to risk my health or my family's health on that.  the AAP has qualified their own statement on reopening with variations on "if it can be done safely," which is made impossible by the physical and financial constraints involved in operating most schools. in addition, they've suggested that schools be prepared to shift back to online instruction if another wave of infections hits and we've yet to see the first wave even fade.
Mine is young and healthy too, but the virus has killed the young and healthy already. The thing that worries me the most is that she has to work with elementary students along with high school students. At what age does the virus treat people like adults and not kids since kids don't (supposedly) transmit the virus as easily?  A lot of high schoolers are pretty close to physical maturity.
I am not disagreeing with your points. I think NC DHHS, NC Pediatrics and AAP are all saying "Start with the idea that we are going back." and craft. your plans from there. They need to get a move on it, but it needs to be done (IMO).  I think my bigger point is that right now everyone is making the argument that teachers aren't safe. And while the data show they should be, you're right, it's inconclusive since we in America have no school data to go off.  At the same time, these people fighting this fight were nowhere to be found when daycares were being made mandatory. What about day care workers? They are handling little kids all day long, stuck in small rooms with bad ventilation, etc.  If daycares had shown to be major hotspots for the virus, I wouldn't be as interested in this argument. However, we've seen cases in daycares here and there, but no significant spread.  [This is a good read](https://www.npr.org/2020/06/24/882316641/what-parents-can-learn-from-child-care-centers-that-stayed-open-during-lockdowns) on findings from Brown U, The YMCA, and education policy experts. All together saying they haven't seen the major spread in these types of situations.  We can't FORCE everyone to come back in right now. Nor should we. But for those who want assess the risk and feel like it's a move they want to make, they should have that option, IMO.
Maybe some, but very few.      I worked as a waiter in college and was a school teacher in my early days after college. Unless you work at one of the high-end restaurants or one of the bars that are constantly mobbed, you are making more as even a first-year teacher. Once you get a few years under your belt you certainly making more.      Not sure about grocery store workers, but I'd assume almost all of them are making less than both high-end waiters/waitresses and teachers (unless they are managers or something).
Interesting case and goes against most school studies that are globally available.      Not ruling out that there could be student to student spread, but based on that reading it seems they can't prove that. With no central AC and grades in different wings, it's left open for debate.      Coupled with the studies that are out there, my guess would be that teachers were infected, passed to other teachers and they infected students.      But there were no hospitalizations and no fatalities listed here. Mostly mild symptoms. So that tracks with what we know about demographic severity.     To be clear, I think outbreaks in school CAN happen, but I only think they are happening when teachers bring the virus in. I also think peer to peer spread among kids is almost non-existent based on all the studies and based on the fact that daycares didn't become massive hot spots for the virus.      At the end of the day, I still think keeping schools open is the right move. If a parent , a teacher, or a kid doesn't feel comfortable going, they shouldn't have to. But those that want to should have the option (and teachers who go in should be awarded hazard pay).      The outcomes are proving to be very mild in anyone under 50, so you have to weigh risk vs reward. CDC came out yesterday fully in favor of in-person learning BTW...     [https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/23/health/cdc-coronavirus-school-guidelines-new/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/23/health/cdc-coronavirus-school-guidelines-new/index.html)
Oh ok, gotcha. Could I ask what the reason is that as a healthcare provider you seem to be breaking with [the guidance of NC DHHS, NC Pediatric Society, and American Academy of Pediatric](https://twitter.com/nckhui/status/1280923788671148039)s?  Not that there is anything wrong with that. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Just interested in hearing that line of thinking.
What a social media response void of any real interest in discussing a solution.  In 2018, 189 children died from  influenza. Meanwhile, 61,000 total died. Did you send your child to school during the 2018 flu season? Were you ok with 189 children dead? Where you ok with the risks your child was putting on those teachers?  In 2017, 37,000 people died from car crashes. Did you drive around in 2017? Where you ok with 37k dead?  **The arguments I'm making above are idiotic,** and so is the one you are making. Every time you walk out of your house you engaging in activities that have risks associated with them. As a human, you assess those risks and decide if you want to engage in that activity or not. If you knew the stats on every action you take on a daily basis, you likely would assess the risk a lot different.  For instance, when you get in your car today, you will have around a .01% chance of dying in that car. Is where you're going worth that .01%? That is totally up to you.  We have about 4 months of data on COVID. Sure, not everything is known, but we must make a decision by August. So far the 4 months of data are showing that your children's risks of serious outcomes are about the same as when you get in that car. So is it worth it? Do you want to measure that on how many deaths YOU are ok with?  That's up to you, but if you're interested in data and finding a solution, it's the wrong metric to be focusing on and a straight strawman argument.
What about teachers? Staff? They don't have a choice apparently, and neither do their families. Yeah, kids probably won't get it and may not spread it as readily as adults, but if schools open in-person there WILL be cases and there WILL be spread and there isn't shit that teachers or their families can do about it.
You know...  You can order your groceries online. You can opt into virtual academy for your kids. You can quit any job you have that isn't WFH. You can amazon everything you want. You can get takeout from your favorite restaurants or heck, you can use UberEats. You can do curbside pickup at most stores these days. We have an entire world set up for those who are averse to going out of their house.  We aren't eliminating this virus until a vaccine comes out IF ONE EVER DOES.  What you are saying is that because YOU aren't sure about the science and because YOU aren't feeling confident about going out, that others should feel the same way. And if they don't, they are ill-informed and should not get a say since what they do might affect your life.  That's a strange take fo me. It's not political at all, I just operate in a world where I know I can't control other people and I don't really want to. Let people do what they want as long as it's within the law and I'll adjust my behavior accordingly.  You're right though. We DON'T KNOW what will happen if we open schools up. We have an idea, but we aren't SURE.  However, we DO KNOW the effect of what happens when you shut them down. We do know the least privileged populations fall behind the most. We do know suicide rates climb. We do know child abuse increases. We do know mental health issues begin to surface more frequently.  So go ahead and base everything off of a virus that is NOT killing kids. A virus that studies show really rarely affects kids. One whose death rate is falling globally, nationally, as a whole. And one that when the majority of people get it, they either don't even know they have it or they have extremely mild symptoms.  For those who want to make a personal decision and take the risk of the virus over the known outcomes of isolation, let them. Let's let those people move on. *And I assume you think I'm one of them, right? I'm not, I have people in my family who are high-risk and I take ALL the precautions and will continue to.*  Let me ask you this...  **What are you hoping happens? The numbers go down? Then what...you feel confident in opening up? But if the virus isn't gone it can come right back, no? So you still shouldn't feel confident.**  **What you are asking for is isolation until the virus is gone or a vaccine comes. That is not even proven that will or can happen...if that continues all small business is gone. Kids stay home, a parent must quit jobs to stay home with them. Socialization as we know it erodes. Sports are pretty much finished. All healthy outlets are taken away. You guarantee a crumbling society. And you are free to want that, but personally, that is a gamble with our society I'm not ready to take.**
This is an excellent conversation!   I too am very much concerned for the health and well-being of daycare teachers. They are perhaps the least appreciated and most underpaid educators in our society. Out of concern for their risk, we have kept our kid out of daycare, even as they reopened. We are lucky enough that we were able to make it work to care for him while working from home.   One key difference I see between daycare and the current plan for Wake Co is the number of students that teachers/staff are exposed to. From what I understand, teachers in daycares are sticking to one group of students throughout their shift. They have stopped grouping kids from various age groups at beginning and end of day to reduce transmission risk. These teachers have contact with between 6 and 14 children, at most.   You’re right that there hasn’t been major spread in MOST daycare settings. (There was a case in Charlotte reported this week, though. https://www.wbtv.com/2020/07/07/new-coronavirus-cluster-emerges-charlotte-daycare-nine-children-test-positive/)   In any case, my biggest concern with current plans is this idea of rotating through 1/3 of a class at a time. A teacher who works with 1/3 of their class each week still sees all 20-30 kids within a month. The teacher is not only at risk to become ill but also to spread to students and other staff. (And I’m sure for high school teachers their risk is even higher, given the number of students they teach!)   I think I have come off as very negative and not solutions oriented - I’m just frustrated because I keep hearing people talk about opening but no one is discussing reasonable logistics of how to do so safely.  I would honestly love to get back into the school. Teaching Kindergarten remotely is wildly ineffective and only exacerbates the opportunity gap for my low-income students. But Wake Co hasn’t developed a feasible plan. I do think it’s possible - but it’ll take MONEY to make it happen.  My suggestion?   Before schools open - make sure all windows can open in classrooms. Install safety railings on upper level windows to reduce risk of falling for students. Purchase fans for every classroom. Purchase new chrome books so every child can have their own. Same for all math manipulatives, science instruments and guided reading books.   1/3 of a class sounds great - we can space kids at their own desks and reasonably prep so they each have their own sets of materials and computers, etc. But we don’t rotate through groups - that is a recipe for exposure. Instead we have 3x as many teachers. Make administrators take classes of students. Give emergency teaching credentials to Teachers assistants, college students studying education, recently unemployed professionals - let’s get creative. Let’s get people working. I think that kids in school with a brand new teacher is better than at home with virtual teachers.   Every class is small and meets in person every morning, 8-12. No recess, no lunch. Maybe specials? Probably not because they’ll have their own classes too. Lunch is packed to take home.   Students then go home and do virtual learning for the afternoon, after lunch and some recess time at home. It’s much easier to assign kids independent work that connects to the in-person content taught in school that day. We can also send kids with worksheets, materials, etc so Parents aren’t trying to print and prep Stuff for their kids.  If necessary, only have school 4 days a week. Use Friday to DEEP clean all surfaces and teaching materials.   Maybe this might work? But money 💵 has gotta come from somewhere to make this work.
Plain and simply we don’t know enough about this virus for me to feel comfortable putting a bunch of kids together. Way too many unknowns, I feel they should do remote learning until after the holidays at the very least. My hope is by then we’ll have better grasp on things, if by mid winter we are still in the thick of it then they can remote learn all year. I understand the “social” part of school and would have never considered remote learning for our two COVID enters the picture and my mind is completely changed.
Clearly you want to have debate team time and I am just not interested. Here's a post from a relevant AmA: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/ho5rcr/i_am_dr_murtaza_akhter_an_er_doctor_in_arizona/fxg264x?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Dude, seriously? 1:10,000 car trips result in a fatality?
holy shit, there's a lot to unpack here and some serious assumptions and jumping to conclusions, especially in the bold part. I'll respond to a few pieces but no way I'm dealing with this whole diatribe, especially with lines like "You guarantee a crumbling society"   &#x200B;  > What you are saying is that because YOU aren't sure about the science   what I think about the science doesn't matter, but scientists themselves aren't sure about the science.   &#x200B;  > So go ahead and base everything off of a virus that is NOT killing kids. A virus that studies show really rarely affects kids.    again, based on very limited studies. related conditions like MIS-C, although present in limited numbers, didn't crop up in kids until weeks later.  you're also focusing only on kids, not any of the adults with which they will come into contact. here's some [pretty extensive research](https://globalhealth.washington.edu/sites/default/files/COVID-19%20Schools%20Summary%20%282%29.pdf?fbclid=IwAR2-qUqrURRY-sSfX8B5mrnhMZzt-R8dRl_2Ne8iNO87_2u7v40IzBv_U4I) on how schools have re-opened in other countries and what the impacts have been. a lot of the impacts, of course, depend on when the schools decided to reopen relative to the spread of COVID in that country.  &#x200B;  >What are you hoping happens? The numbers go down? Then what...you feel confident in opening up? But if the virus isn't gone it can come right back, no? So you still shouldn't feel confident.  umm yeah, of course I'm hoping the numbers go down. they haven't yet. why the hell would we re-open schools when we haven't shown we can keep the number of cases down when they're closed? sure, it can come right back, but the fewer cases there are (and the more we, as a state/county, show we are taking it seriously), the more confident I would feel about reopening, despite your assumptions.
You emailing these plans to the people who need to see them or nah?
There we go! Thanks for that response. We are all frustrated and yeah I think Wake County needs to get their act together NOW.  Your solution sounds good, but tough to implement because of hiring teachers and paying for all the adjustments. With about a month and 1/2 left and no plan in site, that might be hard to pull off. However if they can do it, then I"ll sign on.  &#x200B;  What if....  * Parents that want their kids to school from home opt into the Virtual Academy.  (from the feedback of this sub, and adjusting for demographic bias) let's say its 50% of students. * Rest of the students will come in, in a normal capacity, but social distanced as much as classes will allow. * Teacher that do not feel comfortable coming in can aid their classes through the Virtual Academy. Since there isn't much actual teaching and it's more online guided learning, those teachers are forced to take a 25% cut in pay. * The teachers that come in will get that 25% increase in their pay as an incentive for their added risk. * Masks mandatory for kids 5th grade and up * Classes, gym, recess, lunch should all happen outside as much as possible. If forced to host any of this inside, it must be socially distanced with no activities that create heavy breathing. * Every month, data is reported on outbreaks and outcomes of both students and teachers. Each school gets 2 tracers assigned to them to help try to limit spread. * Create thresholds that most feel comfortable with, and set it in stone. When spread goes below a certain point in-person education becomes mandatory without a physicians note. * Set aside nurmours teachers to be ready to continue Virtual Academy for those with medical reason or notes.  Total increased cost? Whatever the 2 tracers ended up costing. All other money would simply be re-allocated.  Yes, it's sad to make the teachers not willing to come in take a pay cut, but desperate times call for desparate measures. They were hired to do a certain job and job requirements have been eliminated,. Circumstances have changed, and thus pay has to change. Same for the one's risking it to come in. Things have changed, so pay must increase as risk does.
Yes, there are too many unknowns and not enough evidence.  Other countries handled the virus well: that doesn't compare to Americans refusing to wear masks and refusing to distance.  Secondly, the danger of spread exists.  My grandson was sick every two weeks in kindergarten.  He caught everything and brought it home.  Somehow covid magically won't do the same?  We are not willing to be guinea pigs in this experiment.
Then you shouldn't have rolled in with some childish statement.

Where do NC's COVID-19 outcomes rank within the top 15 most populated states?

If you want up to the date per capita info you can get it here  [https://globalepidemics.org/key-metrics-for-covid-suppression/](https://globalepidemics.org/key-metrics-for-covid-suppression/)
Why not just look at per capita numbers?
Your numbers for Ohio hospitalizations is cumulative rather than current.
\*will update with today's numbers added when I can
How do the population ranks look if you do population density instead? Ranking them by flat population seems to miss a core aspect of coronavirus spread, how likely people are to closely interact with others. Pop density gets you a little closer to representing that in one statistic.  Cool stuff though and I appreciate the work.
where did you get the hospitalized numbers?
I literally posted the top 15 most popular states and where they rank in terms of cases deaths and current hospitalizations. I didn't even comment on that. it's just there for you to look at and decide if it's worth anything to you.  Then I responded to somebody's comment by taking ncdhhs data on cases confirmed and deaths then did the math to figure out what percentage of those confirm case equal death. that data is all available on their dashboard. The fact that it hasn't been posted or hasn't been looked at in this light it's not my fault. I'm just putting it out there for you to see you come to the conclusion that you want to come to.
If you'd like me to add context I will.  I have discussed the virus with people both online and in-person that believe that their child is at a huge risk if they go out of their house or take their child into a grocery store. That is not correct based on the numbers that we have back both globally and from our state.  That does not mean that there aren't certain demographics that are at high risk. but knowing who is at risk and who is not at risk helps you understand exactly how yes virus is playing out. There is probably more to learn about this virus but at this point with the data we have we are being asked to make personal decisions. I find it extremely helpful to understand all sides of the data. It helps me make my decisions. My decisions happened to be to be very careful to stay at home mostly and to limit all my interactions with high-risk individuals. How you will decide to take that data and use it in your personal life is completely up to you  I don't understand how posting data that is accurate is disingenuous. In the places where I put my own opinion you have every right to disagree with that. But please make sure you separate those things before coming on here and attacking me.   What do you think my motive is? you tell me that and I'll let you know if you're correct. In fact I've actually told you what my motive is multiple times on here but people seem to not want to listen to that or believe that. And again that is completely up to you.
Per capita doesn't meet the narrative ManMortis wants.
*\*\*edit: I mention this below, but this is using NC DHHS CONFIRMED data. Yes there are A LOT more cases out there. Yes, there are other risks associated with COVID.  But I'am simply showing the math on the NC DHHS CONFIRMED numbers.*  Per capita numbers have been floating around a lot. Raw numbers can be more approachable to the average person who doesn't deal with data on a regular basis.  You can use the raw numbers to help yourself assess risk, or to figure out if your anxiety of going somewhere or doing something is warranted.  &#x200B;  For instance:  North Carolina has 10,490,000 residents. Of those residents, 79,348 have had the virus (or currently have it) since the pandemic started in March.  * **That means 0.7% of our population has been affected by COVID between March and July. Which means 99.3% have not.**  Of the 79,348 that have gotten the virus in our state, 1,461 have died.  * **That means 1.8% of those who get it have sadly passed away. Which means 98.2% of people who get it do not die.**  But to understand that fully, you want to go deeper you can get into age demos (via NC DHHS)....  \*1 death and 8,715 cases in kids 0-17.   **Meaning if you happen to catch the virus, your chances of survival are 99.99%.**  \*2 deaths and 10,806 cases in young adults 18-24.   **Meaning if you happen to catch the virus, your chances of survival are 99.98%.**  \*78 deaths and 36,328 cases in adults 25-49.   **Meaning if you happen to catch the virus, your chances of survival are 99.8%**  *232 deaths and 15,538 cases in adults 50-64*   **Meaning if you happen to catch the virus, your chances of survival are 98.5%**  \*298 deaths and 5,127 cases in adults 65-74.   **Meaning if you happen to catch the virus, your chances of survival are 95.2%**  \*868 deaths and 4.722 cases in adults 75+.   **Meaning if you happen to catch the virus your chances of survival are 82%.**  ***.....***  To me, that really puts things into perspective. I understand that me and my family are at almost no risk at all from this virus. My parents aren't at a super high risk, but my grandparents are at a massive risk. Because while 82% chances of anything are pretty darn good, it's not as enticing when the alternative is ceasing to exist.  •• ***I'm not sharing this to prove any points. I"m sharing it because it might be helpful for some to see the data in this way. The more rational we can be about what the risks really are, the more we can work together to find solutions that we can all hopefully somewhat agree on.***
Covid tracker project.
I don't understand the opposition to per-capita numbers?  If you are presenting a dataset to encourage comparison of different states, it should be in a format that facilitates comparison.  The "average person" is perfectly capable of understanding the concept of per-capita numbers, if you have doubts you could easily explain it in the post.  For example, if I just looked at the cases it appears that Texas is doing much worse than Virginia since they have had 3.4x as many cases, but they also have 3.4x as many people so they are actually quite similar.
I think you mean well but you're not really presenting accurate data.  >That means 0.7% of our population has been affected by COVID between March and July. Which means 99.3% have not.  Strongly disagree. At an absolute minimum .7% of our population has confirmed to have COVID. There is 100% chance that the actual number is higher.  >That means 1.8% of those who get it have sadly passed away. Which means 98.2% of people who get it do not die.  This is wrong for a couple of reasons. Some people have it now and are going to die in the future. But also we missed so many people because of inadequate testing. The real % is likely lower but I personally can't say that with certainty.  The death % numbers have the same issue as the previous statistic.  I think it's useful to look at the data too but we all should be more careful about extrapolating conclusions from flawed data. Not to mention your post seems to imply that we should be comfortable getting the virus if we personally have a low chance of dying from it which I strongly disagree with. We all have a responsibility to stop the spread to protect those that are vulnerable.
Chance of dying is not the only metric to look at when determining risk to your family, you also need to look at the potential for permanent lung/brain/organ damage, though the numbers for those situations may be hard to come by.
I've now lost three family members who lived in Imperial to COVID-19. You have no empathy, no shame, and no qualifications to continue with this charade.   You have ZERO qualifications and are just here to spam the subreddit with fake and misleading statistics as part of a ReopenNC effort.   If you are over 75, you have an 18% chance of death. That's 1 out of every 5! 12 million Americans over 75 will die with good care. But if you are in AZ right now, you aren't getting good care. You are likely to be turned away or put in a tent where doctors do the best they can.   >  I'm not sharing this to prove any points. I"m sharing it because it might be helpful for some to see the data in this way.   Bullshit. You have constantly misled and jack around with the numbers until they conform to a narrative you already have. That is not science or statistics, that's propaganda.
You’re being very disingenuous. You keep saying that most people are “at no risk” from the virus in place of saying people have a low chance of dying. Do you really think there’s no risk at all from having the virus as long as you live? There are just way too many unknowns about this virus for any well intentioned person to say there’s no risk at all of long term damage.    There’s a lot we still don’t know about COVID. We do know that it’s dangerous and that it can be less dangerous if everyone practices social distancing and wears masks. Downplaying the seriousness of it like you’re doing can only lead to spreading the virus more.
No opposition to it. Want me to share that too? I will. This is just showing a ranking using raw numbers. Why does it make you so mad?
> I think you mean well   It doesn't take a very thorough check of this person's post history to see that he does NOT mean well when it comes to preventing COVID-19 and associated deaths.
I'm going off the data NC DHHS is giving us. They are basing their policy decisions off of this data, so I was doing the math using that.   We all know there are thousands and thousands of undetected cases out there, but I wanted to be conservative here and go with the data we have. If I just guessed everyone would have jumped down my throat for making up fake numbers.  But yeah, we know cases are probably WAY higher, meaning death rate is way lower. But again, some people have a need to understand this thing the best they can AT THIS MOMENT. This helped me, and maybe it will help someone else
Again, going off what I have here. Are there numbers you can point me to for permanent lung/brain/organ damage. I know from reading articles that lots of people who went on vents have permanent damage, and anecdotally I've seen a few things that have talked about people with serious cases have seen some of this. But the vast majority of COVID cases are not seeing any permanent damage and most seeing not even temporary damage. But again, that's all based on anecdotal evidence.   If you can point me to those numbers I will figure out a way to add those in.
Sorry for your losses. I am just sharing numbers and my opinion at times. Nowhere did I say it can't kill...I'm literally saying how often it does according to NC DHHS data. Can u show me one place I've shared incorrect data?
Just posting stats. Are any of them wrong?
He made a lot of good counter arguments to you and in no way came off as mad, so why was that your response?
Would that I could give you more the one upvote.
Wow. That's a real crappy take. I 100% mean well. I want to help people cut through the loaded messaging, the politics and the for profit media headline clickbait to actually look at the data and understand it.   Everyone can come to the conclusion they please. There aren't many voices attempting to do this at least on this sub, so i have taken time to do that. I'm sorry you don't appreciate it.  I come from a family where truth and transparency is of the utmost importance. It shows a respect for people's intelligence and ability to think for themselves. Sharing numbers a certain way to scare people into compliance or sharing only negative sides of a story to keep people from doing something you don't want them to do is, IMO, disingenuous and harmful. We need to come together and in a time where truth seems subjective, I am hoping hard numbers can be a foundation for common ground   But I guess even that is under attack these days...🤷‍♂️
You are not going off of the data. You are going off of a faulty understanding of the data which treats COVID-19 positive tests as a count of how many people have the disease. We know this is not the case. Randomized testing has found much higher rates of COVID-19 than the current primary mode of testing in NC.
No you aren’t. You are repackaging them to tell a pre-determined conclusion, over and over. That’s why everyone keeps downvoting you and criticizing you.
Your use of the phrase “no risk” is absolutely wrong.
At this point you are either intentionally trying to be deceptive or exceedingly bad at interpreting data, pick whichever you like.  I noticed you deleted your post about hospitalizations from last week, hopefully you learned a lesson on why we don't look at very short term trends when the underlying data responds much slower to outside factors.
You were on here the other day claiming that people had a 0.01% chance of dying every time they start their car. You are not qualified to help people understand data.
Can you be clear on what your conclusion is? Seems like you are implying that...  - NC DHHS public data shouldn't be trusted to inform policy bc it doesn't tell the whole story?  - COVID spread is much more prevalent than the confirmed numbers show ..thus if you contract it your % chance of extreme outcome is reduced?  Am I following you?
What part of the numbers that I posted is inaccurate and what part are you mad at?   I understand that when you see that 99.99% of people under the age of 26 get the coronavirus and do not die. you may see that as a stat that you don't want to be posted because you feel like it makes people less likely to take the virus seriously. But realize that that is your take on that number at the end of the post I said that everyone should be wearing their masks and following all the protocols.  In fact and it's very thread I am being criticized for not counting the thousands of undetected cases that may be out there and factoring that into the death rate.  I have no idea how people are going to want to interpret data. But there are lots of different ways to look at the numbers and still come to the same conclusion. Again I don't think any of my math is incorrect so you just are mad that I decided to do that math and post it on this thread is that correct?  *Let me also note that in the school closings thread I posted multiple studies about child transmission. People were angry about that and said those studies were not relevant. However a week later NC DHHS gives a presentation to the school board uses the same studies and comes to the same conclusions that I had. Now you can still disagree, that is fine but please realize that I am not spreading disinformation. I am just spreading information. I think you're getting a bit confused about what the numbers say, what you want them to say, and how you want it to be messaged.   What you want them to say and how you want it to be messaged is a personal opinion.The numbers however are just the official numbers. If you do not trust them then I guess that is up to you as well but you should then be against our state using those same numbers to dictate public policy.   Maybe your take is that there is just too much that we don't know and the numbers are irrelevant and our state should just make a overarching decision on policy. You can take that stance if youd like but it kind of seems to be against the narrative that everyone, my self included, is subscribing to.
Want to play word games? My family is young and healthy. People in our age range both statewide and globally have a 0.01% risk of death. Meaning if we are in the small % of the population that unfortunately gets this, we have a 99.99% chance of survival ( and that is based on confirmed cases). That is rounded down to zero. But if you'd like, I can quote the number every time.  We are at risk of serious outcomes from COVID like we are at serious outcomes from drowning when we swim, or like when we run half marathons, or when we bike in the city or when winter comes and a bad flu season hits.   I will adjust my risk assessment if and when long term outcomes become a thing that is not associated with comorbitities. Right now there isn't sound data for that risk to be added in to my demographic. So again I assess my families risk at (let me make sure I say this right for you) JUST ABOUT zero risk.  ** I guess I need a disclaimer on this sub: this post in no way should make people more apt to breaking mask protocol or believing conspiracy theories about the virus . please wear a mask stay socially distance and be aware of any time you are potentially near high-risk individuals.
1. It is very rare that a study or statistic measures every member of a population. This doesn't mean it is useless, but we do have to understand exactly what the statistic means. The NCDHHS number of positive tests is **not** the total number of people in NC who have the coronavirus. It is still useful, as long as we understand the context of who is being tested. We pretty much never get to see the whole story, but we still have to make decisions as best we can with the data we have.  2. This is pretty much spot on. The more severe the symptoms a person has, the more likely they are to get tested for COVID-19. This very much skews the death rate (and serious complication rate as well) from the total number of people who have the disease.
You keep looking at this as an individual risk which is only a small part of the puzzle.  This is a global public health crisis in which one individual getting sick does not effect only that person.  The higher the number of cases in the general public, the higher the risk of vulnerable populations being exposed.  This only gets worse when the number of cases start to get beyond our capabilities to test and contact trace.  To give an example, I am in my 30s with no pre-existing conditions so I am at very minimal risk of a poor outcome if I were to contract the virus.  However, I am still cautious because I realize that I could inadvertently spread the virus to other people around me who do not fall into this low risk group.  Even on an individual level it represents a significant risk to unknown people around me, and because I am not selfish and care about others I try to do the right thing.  Scale this out to a population level problem and it becomes clear that higher active case counts increase the probability of high risk groups being infected.
There’s plenty of evidence out there that points to permanent lung, heart, and kidney damage. You’ve certainly seen it; you just choose to ignore it so you can continue to push your message that COVID isn’t anything to worry about.
I agree with both of your points. But in this sub if I were to do my best to take into consideration Nationwide serology studies and use that to try to estimate total cases I would be downvoted more than I am now.  I understand doing that would be a guess but would probably get us closer to the actual numbers. However those actual numbers would end up showing that this virus is more prevalent but less severe. If you post that on here nobody wants to hear it and they will ask you if you if you are okay with people dying.  Because of this I have decided to just use the data given to us which is also the data that our state is using to create public policy. so I think there is some kind of crazy Haze over this entire conversation where people want the messaging to be a certain way and they want the numbers to show a virus that is deadlier and scarier. I don't know why but my guess is that it would persuade others to stay inside and to take protocols more seriously. That may be true but maybe if we were all on the same page and understood all the data that is out there we could have a more civil educated discussion on steps we should take to keep our society both safe and running.  Let me say for the fourth or fifth time that no matter what the data is saying it is showing that there is a population that is dying at a pretty decent clip and that is scary. So social distancing wearing a mask and listening to our state's protocols is important to do.   I just am having a hard time living in this black and white world that a lot of people are living in. Where if you show the data a certain way, that somehow you want people to die and you want to reopen the state. You can be fully educated on a virus know the numbers both optimistic and pessimistic and still agree with the protocols to keep our state safe.
Individual risk is playing out everyday for every one of us. Like it or not.  - Shoukd I go grocery shopping or should I pay more to have them delivered?  - Should my wife go back to work and send my kids to preschool / daycare or should she quit her job?  - Should I sign my kids up for swim lessons?  - I need to fix something. Can I bring a child with me into Home Depot to pick up the parts?  - Can my kids have a friend over now and again?   - Should I have a friend over?  - Should we book flights for Christmas to see family? Should we drive? Should we get together at all?  The fact that you are mad that I'm attempting to show data that allows people to understand personal risk is puzzling. The messaging from the media and our local officials is loud and clear o. Protecting others. But you can also understand your own risk and make judgements for your everyday life. The two aren't exclusive you know
I have seen stories on news sites. I haven't seen data or studies on it. I'd be interested to read them
You should do what you can to help decrease the collective risk and burden from the virus.   Some of your questions have pretty easy answers.  -if there are swim lessons that won’t put your kids in close contact with others and uses an outdoor pool, then there’s no problem with swim lessons -you and your kids absolutely shouldn’t have a friend over unless you’re all going to stay outdoors and maintain a reasonable distance from each other. -it would be wise to not get together with family for Christmas. The concept of people traveling from different parts of the country to spend time together in close quarters is absurd until we have a vaccine.
I see you completely missed the point.  I don't have an issue with assessing personal risk, but in doing so you need to be aware that taking unnecessary risks effects everyone you come into contact with, not just yourself.    A great example is why we should all vote.  You may think that your individual vote doesn't matter, and in reality it doesn't.  The "risk" of the person I like not winning doesn't meaningfully change based on my personal decision to vote, and likewise the outcome of the election is almost certainly decided with or without my single vote.  However, if large groups of people make this decision that their "individual risk" is minimal and they all decide to not vote, then the story is different.  This gets magnified further in the case of a viral pandemic because everything is on an exponential scale.  Each person that decides the "individual risk" is minimal contributes to spreading the virus to many more people who also make this same decision.
Sorry, I meant serology studies from around the nation. New York has one, Boston has one, Cali has a few smaller ones. NC has one. I think most states have at least one, but they aren't really accurate and it's becoming more likely that t cell immunity is playing some kind of role anyways.  It's why I stay away from trying to extrapolate cases using those numbers.
CDC was coming in at 0.26% last I checked. Has that changed? But again that's just an overall number.  This virus definitely is selective on the age range of those it's killing. So breaking IFR into age brackets can give you a better overall idea of what's happening. Do you agree?
I have grandparents in their 90s. Christmas is one of our most cherished family traditions and they host it. Every Christmas is closer to our last together. Now what's your suggestion?
If you have grandparents in their 90s and your whole family goes to see them this year, it probably will be your last Christmas with them.
 Keep it up , you look so smart and so caring!
You’re the one that’s talking about putting their elderly grandparent’s lives at risk. It’s insane that you’re even considering doing that.
We're going. Get over it .

I love this quote from Martin Luther King Jr! "Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that!" One of many pieces of window art inspired by Black Lives Matter/Pride/COVID-19 in downtown Raleigh. A lot has happened in the past few months

I am proud to see how most people are responding to BLM. I am a white dude so it's very easy for me to just ignore and turn my ears off- as I dont experience what my neighbors do. And like most white peeps I only know a few people of color.     So the response, art, stories, videos, are all helping me learn and feel what it is like for my neighbors. And what they have experienced for a long ass time.    So thanks. Hopefully we can all keep moving forward quickly... but man some people are just really racist and love their power... its crazy
Don’t Dead Open Inside
Riot can drive out businesses though

COVID-19 NC Numbers


A little Covid-19 warning for all. Air experts Raleigh: HVAC

In an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, send a [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fraleigh).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Have you adopted a pet during the time of COVID-19?

We adopted Chester the day before the shelters shut down. He isn't impressed with us at all.
I adopted a 3 year old dog from Hope Animal Rescue in April. Feel free to PM me if you want to set something up!
We rescued a kitty from Meow House!

Expect a COVID-19 Hotspot coming next week when 700+ people take the bar exam

You know what's a great idea? Let's wilfully gather a bunch of lawyers in a room together during a pandemic! There's no way that this could come back to bite us!
Lmao I couldn't even take the GRE, wtf is this shit?
The bar exam is gonna look like Glenwood South
It's not a bar.  It's the bar exam.  As long as people are sitting far enough away from each other and they handle breaks appropriately to prevent people from congregating together, what's the big deal?  If people are really worried, they can take the exam in the spring.
Just pass them all and be done with it.
In fairness, if they're taking the bar exam, they're not lawyers yet.
They have better lawyers.
Why can't you take the GRE?    The local testing center appears to have a number of appointments -- you could take it as early as Thursday.
After the exam is over Glenwood South will look like... Glenwood South.
Yeah I don’t get it. They have plenty of buildings to take the bar in and can space them accordingly.

North Carolina reports 1,621 new COVID-19 cases Sunday, more than 34,000 tests

Just wait 'til schools reopen!
This thing isn’t going anywhere
Please use the data at NC DHHS. This article from Charlotte Observer is really bad.   https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing  You can see that testing is up. Increases in testing capacity is a good thing. You can also see that cases as a percentage of tests are decreasing. That's great. Not by a huge amount but face masks are having an impact.  Hospitalizations are down over the last 3 days. Since hospitalizations lag the # of cases, I'd expect this trend to continue. If we can keep this up, then Cooper's plan for sustained leveling is working.  My opinion for what it's worth. We have contact tracing, we have ppe, we even have toilet paper. Lock down again - soon. No, it isn't an emergency lockdown, but a rational lockdown. Add more airflow to schools during the shutdown.  Then in a few weeks, when weather is pleasant, we open back up with face masks and tracing. Social distancing is easier in nice weather. With fewer cases, we can contact trace effectively. With fewer cases, we can open more of the economy. There would also be far less danger for those we are trying to protect.

State Fair cancelled in 2020 due to COVID-19

Is there an online option?
[Here's the official press release.](https://www.ncagr.gov/paffairs/documents/7_29_20StateFairPressRelease.pdf)  Definitely will be no modified version for food/exhibits, and they're just moving ahead to 2021.
Well, kinda knew it was coming.  Gives folks more time to complete absentee ballots.
Good.
Thanks spreadnecks.
I'm sad that this was necessary, but I can't say I'm surprised they made this call. Here's hoping next year's will be all the bigger and better for our loss this year.
Thanks for letting us know
If only we didn’t open so fast. I could’ve had fried Oreos. You anti-mask dummies owe me!
https://youtu.be/OQodZdot-58 Well if youre looking for the secret recipe to the Bluth Famliy corn balls, here it is!
Honestly I'm meh about the NC fair. I'm wearing my super sad pants about Halloween probably not happening though. First year in a house where we would definitely get trick or treating action too.
Oh no I cannot get a caramelized fat cake this year!!!
Wouldn't that be nice! There will be some more drive thru food days though.
And will it include online fried food?
I have tried to envision how they could possibly do this event virtually or even modified in any way to cut down on the insane-o amount of people all packed together in tight quarters.  I just couldn't fathom how they would do it.
Lol that's great
Honestly I’m not sure anything short of a miracle would have saved the state fair.

The Country could have had COVID-19 under control by now.
 Honestly  the United States could’ve been finished with COVID by now but people can’t just stay home or go out when necessary and not to mention can’t wear a  mask. I guarantee everything will be shut down again by the end of  August or September. This isn’t going away anytime soon. Our country is  the joke of the world right now. The problem with a lot of people in many countries (especially the United States) with ignoring social distancing and being stupid is everyone thinks that "oh it probably won't happen to me, and if it does i will survive"People need to stop thinking that this is all about them and that they are invincible. in some way because this could happen to everyone. I can guarantee if people continue to act the way they do the States are gonna shut everything down and it will be a lot longer then a monthPlease have common sense people. Listen to the Doctors. Stay home and do your part in making this go away so we can get back to some sort of normalicy. My grandmother died from this and both my parents currently have COVID 19. Luckily they are both recovering well.
We opened back up too soon. Masks should have been mandatory from the get go. But no one asked for my opinion.
Europe and Asia are seeing large increases in cases again. Australia just locked down 6 million people in a city because some hotel guards had sex with some visitors. This isn't just a US problem.  Our only hope right now is a vaccine that works.  Some of our yearly cold viruses are actually derivatives of a coronavirus in the 1890's.
I don't expect this to be over for a long time. Too many people made it about politics instead of common sense, and now we are paying the price for it. They will never shut everything down again because the economy wouldn't survive, but essentially it's going to be dragged out forever until the entire country gets it. We missed our chance in March and April to contain it.
While I agree that this could have been "over" by now (not really over, under control to where we could deal with hot spots like the rest of the developed world), to act as though today is some kind of low point isn't reflected in the numbers. In NC as of yesterday, we are at a 12.9% weekly increase, an all time low. A 29.7% two week increase, an all time low. Days to doubling is now at 32, an all time high. Our 7 day average of daily increase by percentage is 1.74%. An all time low. Estimated current cases (new cases over the previous 14 days) has decreased in 5 out of the last 6 days. Total new cases over the previous 7 days is down by over 1000 from the high on 7/18. In short, none of it is great, but everything is trending in the right direction, presumably due to the mask mandate. Hopefully this continues and people start acting even more like adults.
Right now, most people going about their day to day business are wearing masks. It's the morons having parties on the weekends that are furthering this -- this includes kids' birthday parties, gender reveals, etc. I don't know why people think these events aren't dangerous.
It's not all about "life and death" though that is something to consider.  It's also about "will I be hospitalized for 3+ weeks? How much will these medical bills be? Do I have or can I afford good health insurance? Who will take care of my family if I'm hospitalized? What are the long term effects of this virus?"  We are aware of numerous anecdotal cases of organ damage, blood clots, seizures and strokes as a result of this virus. Not to mention many of the cases in hospital are the young ones that keep saying "it's nothing but the flu I can handle this".  Edit: I'm sorry for your loss OP and I hope your parents feel better soon.
Getting close to  150,000 US deaths and my family keeps saying it’s “just the flu”. Quick google search says that the flu has averaged  12,000-61,000 deaths per year since 2010. God knows what the COVID-19 death total will be by the end of this year.  Sources:  https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/ index.html  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/cases-updates/us-cases-deaths.html
Americans are a very independent people, this has its pros and cons. Right now it's definitely a con
> Honestly the United States could’ve been finished with COVID by now  I wish people would stop saying this, because it's an outright falsehood. We might have been able to squash the first wave to a small background level of infection if we hadn't thanks to lesser-of-two-evils voting for the last 50 years created a government of incompetent buffoons, but at best we'd be able to be where we are now in terms of reopening society but without as high of an infection rate, with large events and indoor everything cancelled until there is a vaccine. Scientists have also made it very clear from the beginning there will be a true second wave over the winter, coupled with flu season, and we were always going to have to lock back down (although maybe less so since there's stronger evidence now that masks have a significant impact on transmission) -- the media and politicians have chosen to ignore that because it's inconvenient to acknowledge.  Also treating the U.S. as a monolithic block like it was a tiny country like NZ is fundamentally the wrong way to look at things, we're a good chunk of an entire continent, and it would be better to compare us to the whole of Europe. There will be outbreaks in different regions at different times requiring different responses.
How many subreddits did you post this in? Is the karma biting?
I find its best not to think about it too much. It angries up the blood something fierce.
We're a third world country. Our citizens are suspicious of science and education. Our healthcare is a for-profit industry and our education system is drowning. The largest demographic of our population are used the privilege of the rules not applying to them, only to "others".
If there had been a federal mask mandate as supported by the scientific community everything would be back to normalish by now. And everyone would be on board. Democrats would be like "even a broken clock is right twice a day" for Trump listening to scientists, and his base would listen to him because they do whatever he says.   He was literally handed his reelection on a tacky golden plate and decided conspiracy theories and doing nothing was more important. And now due to those conspiracy theories the people who need to wear masks aren't going to do so. They're the ones prolonging this whole situation, which is ironic since they're the ones who yell about it the most.
> We opened back up too soon.  Reopening doesn't explain everything though, especially for our rural Counties.  https://indyweek.com/news/northcarolina/coronavirus-meatpacking-plants-data/  >**The June surge in urban cases is often attributed to the reopening of the economy, but the steep rise of cases in Figure 4 for predominantly rural Robeson and Duplin Counties show no deviations that line up with the state’s reopening on May 8 for phase 1 and May 22 for phase 2**. Note the contrast with Wilkes County, where a massive outbreak at Tyson Foods in April was brought under control once Tyson, facing the threat of a court order, began sharing data on testing with health authorities, allowing isolation of infected workers.  -I'm not sure if people are aware of how cases are actually happening in North Carolina, when you look at the data, like Indy Weekly did.   >While nursing homes and prisons made up most rural hot spots in the spring, growing evidence now points to a different major “engine of spread” that has lurked beneath the radar of public awareness and official recognition: meat-processing.
I agree completely with you. I’d give it until September but they are going to shut everything down again for good until like November or December if you ask me. If people would just listen we could have this under control
No one said it’s only a US problem. What OP said is we have fucked this up beyond the scope of any other country, which is verifiably true. “Staunch individualism” Calvinist bullshit, front and center. Profit > people, from the top to the brainwashed bottom.
I don't expect Cooper to shut down everything yet but he's smarter then that. Honestly this could be contained if they shut everything down and made people stay home for the next 2-3 months. Cooper opened up to early in may and gave people to much leeway for this.   I think that the possibility of everything getting shut down again is going to be brought up in September or October once we hit a second spike after the summer because it's gonna get worse in the next month more then likely before it get's better. But people are going to continue dying. Either people need to start be willing to wear a mask or go home and stay there and dont go out unless necessary
This is good news. I predict it will continue to dwindle down for a few weeks, and folks will feel ready to send kids back to school. Three weeks after that, we're all dead.
This is my fear. Not death, but living with long term or permanent health issues. Shortness of breath, dialysis, or lugging around an oxygen tank for the rest of my life? No freaking way.   I read stories of people being on vents and my claustrophobia/anxiety shot through the roof.
My family is the same way. Funny thing is they've raised me better than that (to have compassion, social awareness and whatnot) and yet they're the ones that act like dissatisfied children.  Maybe the whole Mandela Effect is really a thing and I'm in a new alternate Universe with parental doppelgangers.
We must be related.
Go visit Haiti and you'll change your mind.
Clearly you have never been to a third world country or you wouldn't be saying this. Children in Syria are hungry and dying and living in the streets due to war, violence, and oppression, but clearly, the USA not being able to control COVID is a true measure of the third world.
Imagine being you.
Feels like factories all over the world have been problem areas. I was reading about a factory in Germany that had thousands of cases as well as one somewhere out west in the states. I’m sure there are more I don’t know anything about.
Prepare for tthankksgiving and christmas to be really hard for many and others ignoring guidlines and visiting family and friends and big jan outbreaks again.  I already have the mindset of maybe next arpl or may we can start geetting somewhat back to normal with isolated outbreaks after the big incomng holiday spike and a new admin doing the right thing and shutting shit down to get it under control  Its gonna be a long winter.  Fact is it did not have to be, it could all be almost over by now but people are selfish and stupid.
Wake county deaths are at 116. That is total deaths. And deaths have been steady-ish at 3-4 per day since mid-April (in other words, more people are not dying).  \~60% of those deaths are from those aged 75+. Anther \~20% are those aged 65-74. This means that roughly 25 people have died who are of working age in Wake.  So you truly believe completely shutting down again is the smartest thing to do? Especially when it has had an almost zero impact on deaths?  If you are retired STAY HOME. And don't have outside visitors.  But shutting down is a feel good measure that, according to the data, has not affected the outcomes much. Cases yes (although I firmly believe we had a toooon of cases back in Feb that went untested) but deaths...no not really.  Of course locking everyone in their homes will be the "safest". But is that sustainable? I don't believe so.  The best thing we can do, and business needs to enforce, is mask useage, and to go about our lives as best as we can. If you look at the other countries who got this under control earlier, it's starting to pop up again. Waaaaay too many people have got this to put the rabbit back in the box.  It's unfortunate, nay criminal, that six+ months into this, we still can't go out and buy N95 masks that would protect our bodies. Our federal response on this was so bad. 2020 is going to being a landslide...
I’m a teacher and to be honest, I just want to go back to work. Tired of working from my kitchen table.
I don’t think we’ll get a complete shutdown. Maybe I’m more pessimistic but the numbers trending downwards will get us to Phase 3 and then we’ll just spike again, gradually roll back Phase 3 and brace for impact.
Countries like India, Brazil, Mexico, etc have let it run rampant. I wouldn't say we screwed this up more than "any other country". Some states have done a good job with containment, others went the Swedish way.  You're just being dramatic when you say stuff like that. Come with me to El Salvador or Ecuador...those are third world countries. Americans have NO CLUE what it's like outside their little bubble, all they think they know is what CNN tells them.  I've been to London twice this month. Very, very few masks are worn there (I think the ones wearing them are Americans!). It's almost comical the difference between reality vs what the media tells us here, and people like you hyperventilate over it.  What was eye opening for me was going to CNN.com outside the country and seeing the types of articles they are running vs doing it here in the states.
I think Cooper was trying to find a middle ground since it is an election year. I believe he would’ve kept things shut down longer if there wasn’t an election approaching.
This is the attitude that is the problem.  Individual wants vs what needs to happen.
You want to go back into a classroom filled with kids/disease carriers? Interesting.
So you’re telling someone that has never paid attention to CNN in their life that this is CNN’s fault and objective data is lying? I’m glad we can compare the US to largely undeveloped countries. Proving my point swimmingly, thanks.
How his Cooper been middle of the ground? New York is in phase 4... we are in phase 2.
I’m the one that has been doing what I’m suppose to since March. I can’t say what I want or hope for out loud? I know what needs to happen but others don’t see it the way I do. So numbers will continue to spike and I’ll suck it up and continue to teach from house, which I voted for.
People are allowed to have opinions, and brow beating them won't change that or them.
As in to get back to normal, with no virus going around.
I used to watch CNN headline news every morning. Today, CNN is little more than a sensationalist clickbate aggregator.   You're the one who compared the US to other countries, not me. And if you've ever been to a true 3rd world one, you'd quickly see just how stupid that statement was.
Each state has different phases. And NY shut down a lot sooner than NC and a lot longer. In the end, you can’t really compare NY to NC.
Nope, not allowed to express an opinion or desire anymore.
When dealing with a pandemic opinions should not mean shit.  This isn't about whether you like lasagna or chicken parmesan better, this is whether people die or don't.    If we could stop being so fucking selfish we might get out from under this virus, until then you opinion is irrelevant.
Thanks for that extra special glimpse into your personal life, but what the fuck does CNN have to do with anything I said? I have not, nor do I pay attention to the network, so what are you even talking about? The fact that the statistics of this virus are even in the same ballpark as a developing country (“third world” is archaic) shows exactly how bad the US has handled it, as the biggest global superpower.  Sorry if I’m disruption your head-in-the-sand “patriotism”, but numbers don’t lie and they get even worse when you understand the context surrounding them. Deflecting to poor, developing countries as a point of comparison really shows the extent of your mental gymnastics. Perhaps if I had I initially spoon fed you the obvious, that I’m comparing the US to the developed world, perhaps I could have saved both of us this worthless drivel.
I forgot. My bad!
It is a little ironic to watch the "fuck your feelings" crowd reacting they way that they are to scientific facts
There you go hyperventilating again  We really don't know what the "statistics" are for other countries. Especially 3rd world. They don't do near the amount of testing we are doing. In India, antibody tests show 60% have been infected in Mumbai. In NY it got to what, 15% or something?   European countries shut down for the most part but are now seeing a resurgence. Have you looked at the data out of Sweden? Their cases/deaths are plummeting while the rest are increasing exponentially.  There is no way to tell what the "correct" way to handle this is until it's all said and done. But with a 0.26% CFR, IMO, putting 40m+ people out of work was just crazy, and will effect far more people than had we just isolated the elderly (that would've prevented 80% of the deaths).
You should put your psychic abilities to better use than worthless ad hominem bullshit and parroting inductive fallacies.  Just an FYI, next to none of your statements are backed by actual facts, but it’s clear you’ve come to your own made up conclusion, so this is where I bow out. Enjoy your weekend.

Raleigh Christmas Parade to be virtual due to COVID-19

I wonder if WRAL will still try to air their version from around the corner!
Virtual? Seriously?  Waste of bandwidth. No one's going to watch that shit, just cancel it and move on.
This is the best thing that's happened all year; a respite from my neighborhood being clogged with entitled mombies in minivans and marching bands waking me up at 8am on a Saturday. Bring on the downvotes, IDGAF, your virtual vitriol is manna compared to having you all up in my hood.
It’s literally July
It’s almost like you have to start planning big events months out!!!
And?  It is obvious that this pandemic is not going away any time this year, so might as well not plan on having the parade *now*.
Wow, how astute of you. I bet you didn't even have to look at a calendar. Good job kiddo.
Thank you for informing me of the current month, I was unsure.
Yep, and the parade is in just a couple months!! /s  This headline actually made me laugh because for a while I lived a few blocks from Glenwood and every year the parade would come around on some random weekend in November, and I’d always wonder why so many people were parked on the streets until I looked it up and was like, oh yea, it’s the parade for the NEXT holiday that’s more than a month away.
Agreed, it’s way too early to be making this call.
Thank you Ms Cleo, I was not aware you could figure out what will happen in December
No need to be smarmy, I was just pointing out how stupid this is because it’s literally July
I mean the State Fair was called off yesterday which is in the middle of October, and even they said it was the last possible minute.   You must know that these large evens take an immense amount of time, planning and coordination to happen. Even if everything is absolutely fine in December (hint, we will be in the middle of flu season so we absolutely wont be fine), its far safer to cancel now than spend all of the time, effort and money to host an event that will have to be cancelled.   Its just a sign of things to come. If you think anything is getting back to normal before mid to late 2021, you are delusional.
And what are your credentials for knowing better?
It's literally Miss Cleo.
Why is it “stupid” to announce this once it is determined by the people in charge of organizing this event?  Event planning and execution takes months worth of planning, budgeting and labor. For the people participating, those organizing, and those help setting any somewhat large event, the sooner they are informed it is indeed cancelled or going to be done in a different manner is very valuable and gives them the opportunity to adjust their plans and strategies and budget accordingly.

Raleigh Christmas Parade to be virtual due to COVID-19


Public Health is not an enemy and should not be made political because the whole role of public health is to improve the health of the entire community. It’s time for us to listen to public health officials and stop the spread of COVID-19 by wearing masks, social distancing, increasing testing, etc.

The time to do this was in late March, early April. Better late than never though 👍
Yeah, but MY public health officials (on fox news) told me covid was a hoax and liberals are just out to destroy America by sabotaging trump.
I think if you look back to the initial 15 days people were onboard. Then it went on and more information about which groups were more in danger came out. Then the bigger kicker to this whole thing was in the span of a month people went from protests are killing grandma to protests are perfectly fine. You can argue the purposes behind the protests but that is moot if we are talking about a deadly virus. The fact that you still see state governments restricting activities but never mentioning protest or riots in these restrictions.  It’s hard to get people to comply with things when the government has decided that certain groups can do whatever they want.
... /s?
Well I mean other than Tucker Carlson who was telling about the dangers of coronavirus back when my public health officials on MSNBC were still talking about the flu....and the numerous PSA’s on fox to wear masks and the fact that Covid was never called a hoax, this is a spot on comment.
*** DUE TO THE CURRENT POLTICIAL CLIMATE ***, in an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, click the link below to send us a modmail.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There is no evidence the protests increased infection rates. Sorry. There is substantial cross verified evidence that People calling the virus a hoax for political gain and folks refusing to wear a mask to support their claim it is a hoax caused thousands of deaths. Most experts conclude that it is the politization of the virus which has caused Americas fragmented and ineffective response. And, it is Americas ineffective response- opening too quickly, failure to ramp up testing, refusal to mask up, severe PPE & testing shortages, inability to coordinate  a national response...... that has caused the death toll to be over 10k. (We are currently at 150k).  The rise since May is due to the premature reopening of the states and cities that then show increased case counts followed by increased deaths several weeks later. Not protests. Andy Slavitt, a national public health expert, hypothesizes that the lack of increased cases due to participation in protests may be that they are outdoors, and they almost 100%  wearing masks.
When has the government been known to be remotely consistent.
Yeah Poes law strikes again
Anything Tucker said in the early days of the virus have been completely counteracted by his recent statements disparaging the benefits of social distancing, mask wearing, and his participation in the right wing hit job on Anthony Fauci.
Weird since we have seen spikes in areas that had protests, which kicked off right about the same time that some states started to reopen.  If you truly believe that the protests didn't cause any spikes,then you should have no problem opening things back up and you should feel that masks are the 100% cure to the issue.  Andy Slavitt, public health expert, is also the guy who ran the ACA, and since dems seems to be onboard with the riots and protests and not reopening things, it shouldn't surprise anyone that he would say things.  of course there are dr's who disagree with him, like the health director of LA county, which in reality should be corona free since they have been locked down since march, with a mask mandate since I believe since May.
wasn't just the government though, it was also the health care workers, media and social networks.
it's reddit and here some protests are more equal than others.
you could argue that but doesn't change the fact that he was on this before anyone else and was cautioning the world about it while everyone else was telling you to worry about the flu.
Making this even worst. Damn.
Sure, I'll grant that he was among (not the only) person raising the alarm bell for a brief moment before he realized the president would somehow fall on the wrong side of this issue as well, thereafter performing a 180 and undoing any good he may have in the beginning. His recent behavior 100% matters when evaluating his net contribution to the efforts to combat the virus. You cannot look at any one brief moment of his conduct in isolation.
no i'm not.
he spent more than his fair share criticizing both the POTUS and more recently the GOP leadership in their handling of this and their handling of the riots.
Not referring to you. Just referring to your point.
gotcha

Covid-19 in USA - Top 15 States By Active Cases - 20 April to 28 July

This is one list that I'm glad we're not at or near the top of.

AMA Vaccinated with Moderna Covid-19 vaccine


AMA Vaccinated for Moderna Covid-19 vaccine

I'm sure you read the entirety of the ICF you took the picture of but it states you shouldn't discuss the trial outside of close family (especially not social media) while the study is in progress. It helps to retain the integrity of the study. (Source: I work in clinical research and reviewed this exact ICF).
How many doses will you have and how far are the doses spaced out?
Can I get this?  Lol
2 doses and a month apart from one another.
Yes, they are still recruiting: https://www.wakeclinical.com/study/covid-19-studies/?site=1&cid=popup#form  and you can find the inclusion and exclusion criteria at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04470427?recrs=a&cond=COVID-19&map_cntry=US&map_state=US%3ANC&phase=2&draw=2&rank=3
Awesome, I’m going to try.

Another Thales academy campus had a positive COVID-19 student
[https://www.cbs17.com/news/local-news/wake-county-news/kindergarten-student-at-thales-academy-in-knightdale-tests-positive-for-covid-19-letter-to-parents-says/](https://www.cbs17.com/news/local-news/wake-county-news/kindergarten-student-at-thales-academy-in-knightdale-tests-positive-for-covid-19-letter-to-parents-says/)  &#x200B;Was this posted here? It's the Knightdale campus this time.
According to the school, the child had not been present in class for over a week prior to symptoms appearing and based on how many people I see around Knightdale not wearing masks, to place blame on the school is probably wrong. This kid likely got it through community spread.
But Pence and DeVos said it was okay to go back.
Also 2 teachers at the Goddard school in Holly springs tested positive just a couple days ago.
I mean 10% of people have had it in N.C. so a positive test is to be expected.
I don't know much about Thales Academy, but considering who they've eagerly welcome to their campuses I'm guessing they are a more conservative leaning school?
Why is it okay for kids to be back in school yet offices are still closed for adults? 🧐
Who will be held accountable when the 1st child dies from covid? Thales? Devos?  Pence?
[Young Kids Could Spread COVID-19 As Much As Older Children and Adults](https://www.luriechildrens.org/en/news-stories/young-kids-could-spread-covid-19-as-much-as-older-children-and-adults/)
to shamelessly piggyback on this post, curious to hear from this audience... what would it take for you to approve of sending kids back to school?
This is the first student, the other was a visiting teacher.
This school is absolutely horrible. I have some connection to the school and it is an atrocious school. Never send any kid there.
Lived in Knightdale for a year. It was *okay*. Worst Target I've ever been in.
Shit, DeVos said  *“More and more studies show that kids are actually stoppers of the disease and they don’t get it and transmit it themselves, so we should be in a posture of — the default should be getting back to school kids in person, in the classroom.”* .
Not only that, they want to take _your_ tax dollars, for _your_ public schools, to fund shitshows like this  We need to end public funding of private schools, once and for all.
“It’s just a lil virus that’s going away in a few days”, as I sit in my home since 3/10 and counting.
Source?
Do you have a source?
Been sending kid to Thales for 5 years, I have been pleased with the education.   I have never found them to be “conservative” or “liberal” when it comes to the teaching methods or curriculum.   I am quite liberal myself.
I am a teacher at the Rolesville campus, and I find the curriculum to be pretty unbiased across the board. It is a classic humanities education, with emphasis placed upon grammar, history, philosophy, math, and the arts.  And to let you know, I spend a good portion of my day sanitizing my classroom. I wipe down all the desks in between classes with sanitizer. I monitor the hallways to ensure that all the students are properly masked, and to remind them that noses need to be covered. The hallways have all been converted to one way, including the stairwells, to help facilitate social distancing.  I've also been a teacher for WCPSS, and if given the choice between the two, I would much prefer that my children go to Thales.
From what I've heard yes.
Not really.   It’s a money leaving school. They don’t give a shit about ANYTHING other than money. Horrible, horrible school.
Even though Thales is private, tuition is only $5,000 a year which attracts a lot of upper middle class families where both parents work and therefore cannot spend time home schooling their kids.
there are good reasons to not want to send kids to school, but this is not one of them. I can do my job just as well from home as in the office. that is *far* from the case for school.
Serious answer, no one will be legally liable as [long as the American Academy of Pediatricians recommends sending kids back to school.](https://services.aap.org/en/pages/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-infections/clinical-guidance/covid-19-planning-considerations-return-to-in-person-education-in-schools/)  That's the most authoritative source of guidance.  I don't agree with them, but from a legal perspective, following their advice is safe and reasonable.  Children and teenagers are at low risk of dying from covid, but that doesn't apply to teachers, bus drivers or parents.    The AAP points out how essential school is for children's social development and mental health,  they're remarkably myopic about how shitty school is going to be when there is a constant looming fear of plague and occasionally a few parents and teachers die.  Until recently, it was thought that children don't spread covid, but we now know that [children over ten spread it as effectively as adults.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/18/health/coronavirus-children-schools.html)  Younger children apparently beat the virus so quickly they don't spread it much.  But this much social contact, even with staggered schedules, will spread the virus into countless households and workplaces, it would be an instant disaster.
Have either of those people ever been held accountable for anything ever at all in their entire soul-sucking lives?
If the next stimulus bill passes with the caveat that businesses and whatnot cannot be sued then none of them will be held accountable.
Sadly it seems like no one in this current administration is being held accountable.
different campus (this was in Knightdale and they were in Apex)
A vaccine is where I stand. My daughter would be absolutely destroyed if she found out she was Covid positive and passed it on to a loved one that's at risk and they either became hospitalized or passed away.  I believe that grief would destabilize her mentally far more than the need to distance from a social life for a while.
For me either one of these: a large decrease in cases or a vaccine/treatment.
My kid has been in daycare the entire time. If he was a year older and in kindergarten he would be going to in person school. Hell any age he would be going to in person school.   The benefits of socialization, in person learning, and peer camaraderie well outway the risks for us. Huge mental health boon for the whole family really as well know that I think about it.
that's why it says another campus had a positive, not another student
Curious as to what details you know about the school.  I'm a huge proponent of public education, but I see quite a few people (in the neighborhood) sending their kids to Thales.  The impression I get is that it's a way to say your kid is getting a "private" education, so I guess that has some cachet in some social circles?
Knightdale has improved somewhat, that Target still sucks though.
She’s a detached ignorant billionaire (Amway con woman)
Wow. These people really live in an alternate reality.
“Stoppers of the disease” whut
Probably got a concussion falling off her yacht when she was drunk.
I would **LOVE** to see a citation on her "studies"
I hate her as much as the next guy but do you have a source for this quote? I just can’t trust anyone nowadays with all the misinformation being spread
The schools open for about 4-5 weeks then close because of covid. Duh...
Remember when the CDC said "15 days to slow the spread"?
How did you feel about Thales having Pence and Devos come to the school? That seems kind of like aligning yourselves politically even if unintentionally with some of the biggest political dirt bags out there.
Hell no. Lol  WCPSS is miles and miles better than Thales. Thales might be OK, at best, for 1-3rd grade. After that, it’s a colossal mistake to send a kid to Thales. By middle school? Look out. Probably one of the worst choices you can make in WC.
Does Rolesville have K-5 or are they all 11+? Because that’s the only requirement to wear a mask.
As I asked the other person on here that’s a parent. What was your feeling on Pence and DeVos being welcomed with open are given their failings to not only children but the minority and LGBTQ community? Isn’t that sort of move aligning yourself by default?
As a liberal parent with kids in thales for over 10 years, I don't feel the education leans one way or the other.   Bob Luddy, the founder/owner,  is a Libertarian.
It's also because the public schools are not to their liking.
I was referring to the double standard of sending kids back into enclosed areas, however most offices are still closed.
It depends on the child. My child really thrives by the individual attention I give her at home. She doesn't have other children distracting her and can go at her own pace.
This is why there would never be any full-time remote learning or fully-taught-from-home education programs. These things would never work and could never exist in America. Obviously.
/u/IOnlyEatFermions shared this earlier. Worth a read.  [https://www.luriechildrens.org/en/news-stories/young-kids-could-spread-covid-19-as-much-as-older-children-and-adults/](https://www.luriechildrens.org/en/news-stories/young-kids-could-spread-covid-19-as-much-as-older-children-and-adults/)  TL;DR  “We found that children under 5 with COVID-19 have a higher viral load than older children and adults, which may suggest greater transmission, as we see with respiratory syncytial virus, also known as RSV,” says lead author Taylor Heald-Sargent, MD, PhD.  Edit: Also just imagine the mental impact it will have on a child if they believed they contracted the virus and brought it home to an at risk parent that either gets hospitalized for weeks. Or worse loses their life. I think that would be much more impactful to a childs mental state than socializing.
Damn. Somebody hates Greek philosophy.
if it was "a near statistical impossibility" then why does the data you cited (that's also 6 weeks old) show that it happened? we're up to 38 deaths in the 5-14 age range (ignoring pre-K and high school) and the vast majority of schools haven't even reopened yet
You do realize that a vaccine is not guaranteed, right?  It looks promising at this point, but still not sure to even pass testing, let alone be 100% effective.  Also, consider that we are not even sure that there is lifetime immunity for this after getting the disease or a vaccine.  While we are hopeful that there will be one here soon, and that life will get back to normal, you cannot hang your decision on an absolute of having a vaccine.  One doctor's opinion: [https://metro.co.uk/2020/07/22/oxford-professor-warns-coronavirus-forever-13021526/](https://metro.co.uk/2020/07/22/oxford-professor-warns-coronavirus-forever-13021526/)  **‘Even, actually, if we have a vaccine or very good treatments, humanity  will still be living with this virus for very many, many years to come.’**
How old is your daughter?
I’ve actually been really impressed with Knightdale locals masking up. Sure, there are some outliers but in general, most people are adhering to the gov’s exec order. And FWIW, my parents prefer the K-Dale Target to their Target in Greenville. It’s a pretty clean store in my experience.
And unfortunately we allow them to control ours
Commence "Operation Child Shield"!
I think she married kurt russel.
Has to be a Breitbart/OAN/InfoWars citation I'd think lol! I mean we all know now that the "water is turning frogs gay". /s
[https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/fact-check-education-secretary-betsy-devos-says-that-children-are-stoppers-of-covid-19/](https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/fact-check-education-secretary-betsy-devos-says-that-children-are-stoppers-of-covid-19/)  “More and more studies show that kids are actually stoppers of the disease and they don’t get it and transmit it themselves, so we should be in a posture of — the default should be getting back to school kids in person, in the classroom.” — Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, in an interview on “The Conservative Circus” (iHeart radio), July 16  Edit: And I've even included where she made the statement. It should be on IHeart Radio archive to be heard as well.
I do remember that but we also need to remember this is a novel virus and we are learning new things about it everyday.
Remember when so many fuckheads acted like nothing had changed during those 15 days?  And so it kept going?  And too many still do?
Sorry, no I accidentally highlighted your text. I was asking about Goddard in Holly Springs.
I agree with you but at the same time they are influential and important people in American politics. Just like when schools invited Michelle Obama, I feel as though this has nothing to do with politics; its the allure of having important people showing up at your school.
I dont like it, I wish they hadn’t.   However I do not see it as an endorsement or alignment for all of the negative politics I do not like about those folks. Politicians have many views, some of which I disagree with. If you spend your time cutting ties with anyone who holds a different view on something you are going to be a hermit in a log cabin in the woods pretty quick.  Thales is a proponent of private schools, for obvious reasons. this aligns with some of the views of the politicians that came to visit. It is what it is.
Are you suggesting that everyone who works for a company aligns themselves with the political leanings of every politician that visits?  You do realize that politicians on the right and left make visits of this kind all the time, right?
Bush, who many feel was a good guy even if we didn’t all agree with his politics, was in a school on 9/11, talking to a group of Kindergarteners. Michelle Obama was once in a school where a student mentioned her mom was an illegal immigrant. Two notable stories that just say that both sides do this often.
This donation list seems to show him leaning pretty heavily in the republican camp. Take it for what you will.   https://www.campaignmoney.com/political/contributions/robert-luddy.asp?cycle=16  Edit: That doesn't necessarily mean that the teachers instruct in a way that shows bias, but this does seem to indicate a founder/owner who is willing to donate to out of region republicans in order to help fund their campaigns.
Kinda weird that a libertarian donates millions of dollars to republicans every year.
Thales only cares about money. They’d sell the kids’ organs if it made them a buck.
I would say it depends mostly on the child's age.  Middle, upper, and college students should be able to remote learn...grade school is another thing all together IMHO.
You forgot to /s
Interesting.  Contact tracing doesn't identify young children as the "index case" who infects their household.  IIRC, there may have *never* been a case like that identified through contact tracing.  Contact tracing for is essentially useless for research like that in the United States, because the virus is omnipresent, it is possible that countries like South Korea are simply keeping their young kids home and safe.
The efficacy of the vaccine is still in testing. Phase 3 trials are in effect as we speak and there is strong evidence that persons in receipt of the vaccine can fight off the virus.  If it's only for months or years or whatever time frame it is for. I can easily make sure that my child gets vaccinated whenever it is necessary in order to protect her and others from the virus.  Looking at the vaccine from a pin point view of a finite time span isn't helpful and I'd contest is akin to spreading false information.  The vaccine can be taken more than once if needed. There isn't only one dose for every human on Earth and it can and will be synthesized hundreds of millions and even billions of times if necessary.  [Moderna Phase 3 Trials](https://www.nih.gov/news-events/news-releases/phase-3-clinical-trial-investigational-vaccine-covid-19-begins)  "NIAID scientists developed the stabilized SARS-CoV-2 spike immunogen (S-2P). SARS-CoV-2 is the virus that causes COVID-19; the spike protein on its surface facilitates entry into a cell. Moderna’s mRNA-1273 uses the mRNA (messenger RNA) delivery platform to encode for an S-2P immunogen. The investigational vaccine directs the body’s cells to express the spike protein to elicit a broad immune response. A Phase 1 clinical trial found the candidate vaccine to be safe, generally well-tolerated and able to induce antibodies with high levels of virus-neutralizing activity. Moderna initiated Phase 2 testing of the vaccine in May 2020."  [Moderna Phase 2 Results](https://investors.modernatx.com/news-releases/news-release-details/moderna-announces-publication-new-england-journal-medicine)  "Neutralizing activity was assessed in two different assays, a live SARS-CoV-2 plaque-reduction neutralization test (PRNT) and a pseudovirus neutralization assay (pseudotyped lentivirus reporter single-round-of-infection neutralization assay, PsVNA). No participants had detectable live SARS-CoV-2 virus neutralization or PsVNA responses prior to vaccination."  That quote is the beginning of the test  results after both doses were administered if you want to cut to the chase as it were.  Edited: Punctuation
What does that have to do with anything?
Going inside Knightdale Target a month ago was the reason I decided to just keep getting curbside pickup. I needed to buy a mirror for my kids room and there were literally zero people besides myself and the employees wearing masks. I was so disappointed. I haven't ventured out much in the last couple of weeks outside of New Bern Aldi, so my mask experience is older, I guess.
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity - [Hanlons razor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon's_razor)
Got it—white kids become shields and brown kids get cages.
Holy shit she is something else. Thank you man
They keep pushing for more and more when they don't even bother to consider  "will I be hospitalized for 3+ weeks? How much will these medical bills be? Do I have or can I afford good health insurance? Who will take care of my family if I'm hospitalized? What are the long term effects of this virus?"  We need to know what the long term effects are on peoples health with this novel virus. Everyone is laser focused on mortality. Rightfully so, death is terrifying.  But, significant monetary debt and life long organ damage and continuing ~~hospital~~  medical debt to manage that damage is also very important to focus on.
True. I'm personally frustrated whenever someone tries to argue against a particular course of action as being "experimental", as pretty much everything we are doing with this virus is experimental.
No worries, thanks for clarifying.
I'd say they are notable due to being more infamous. influential and important? absolutely not. Pence's failings with the covid crisis among how badly he botched the aids crisis in his home state is amongst the many ways his anti-science push has hurt people. Devos is an absolute moron. Bush and Michelle Obama actually show compassion for people. Pence is a robot.
I'm curious if there was any discussion internally or between parents about their feelings about those two visiting. Pence with his current failings during the covid crisis let alone his really gross history with promoting gay away camps. DeVos is one of the most unqualified people out there to even be in the same room with more skilled educators.
I get those examples but Bush (while certainly absolved of his past sins during his terms) was never like Pence promoting anti-science rhetoric and didn't have a part in working to actively act against the United States in multiple ways. Pence and DeVos are controversial figures due to how they've actively worked against minorities and LGBTQ people.
Libertarians go both ways. [Right-Libertarian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-libertarianism), [Left-Libertarian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Left-libertarianism).
I was hoping I didn't need one!
Here is the study analysis that's used in that article.  [https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952)   And here is the conclusion for those that wish not to read the whole study...  "Our analyses suggest children younger than 5 years with mild to moderate COVID-19 have high amounts of SARS-CoV-2 viral RNA in their nasopharynx compared with older children and adults. Our study is limited to detection of viral nucleic acid, rather than infectious virus, although SARS-CoV-2 pediatric studies reported a correlation between higher nucleic acid levels and the ability to culture infectious virus.[5](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952#pld200036r5) Thus, young children can potentially be important drivers of SARS-CoV-2 spread in the general population, as has been demonstrated with respiratory syncytial virus, where children with high viral loads are more likely to transmit.[6](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/fullarticle/2768952#pld200036r6) Behavioral habits of young children and close quarters in school and day care settings raise concern for SARS-CoV-2 amplification in this population as public health restrictions are eased. In addition to public health implications, this population will be important for targeting immunization efforts as SARS-CoV-2 vaccines become available."
ok, well there are just shy of 41 million Americans between 5-14 years old. 38 deaths have occurred in that age group so far, meaning the current rate is 1 per 1.079 million in that age range.   the odds of winning the powerball are currently at 1 in 292.201 million, so an American child who is 5-14 years old is currently ~270 times more likely to die from COVID than they are to win the lottery (if they were allowed to play)
I'm aware of where we are with vaccine trials.  Posting all the details does not negate the fact that it is still possible that we may never reach a time when we can comfortably prevent spread, or at least that it may still be a long time away.   So far, the info looks good on the vaccines.  But, there is a reason there is a long process in getting it approved.  We aren't there yet.  Hopeful, but not there.  So, there needs to be other metrics, around such things as therapeutics, deaths and just overall treatment.  I think a vaccine is certainly something to hope for, and would be great if we get it.  But, it just can't be the only measure of getting things back to "normal".
I was just curious because you mentioned she would be destabilized mentally. I have young ones, though probably younger than yours. Always curious about what they'll be like or be able to handle as they get older.
Sure thing. Glad you challenged my quote. Always ask questions for additional sources.
You are so right! The possible long term effects are what scare the hell out of me! I just watched an interview with the 20 something who had a lung transplant as result of COVID it’s honestly terrifying.
Medical debt is the leading cause of bankruptcy in the US already.
I mean I agree with you but like... how can you argue that Vice President of the United States of America is not an influential and important seat in American government?
I agree. I’m just saying both sides have done it. Pence and DeVos are two of my least favorite Americans for sure!
Probably not but some people aren't fluent in sarcasm lol
It was poorly written.
I wonder if you freak out over kids going to the pool or beach, since there are 1000+ child deaths every year because of that.
OK
Mines a pre-teen (not going to disclose age on Reddit) and she's very socially conscious. She's always been very compassionate to the people in her life regardless if it's her friends, family or teachers that she has in school.  One of her friends tested positive just weeks ago and the first thing she did was confess to me how she would feel if she tested positive. That was a real shock to her learning how it can impact people and knowing someone close to her personally that had the virus.  She desperately wants to go back to school and to be able to socialize openly with her friends but she doesn't want to do it with the social restrictions we have in place right now. Rightfully so, what social child wants to have to stay 6ft apart, wear mask, and even be limited to how many of her peers are in school with her at once?  She'd rather stay home and do her part to force this virus out of circulation than risk possibly catching the virus and furthering the spread and which would further delay her ability to have her normal social contacts.  She understands that sacrifices made now will greatly benefit her in the future.  As a side note...I've thumbed through your comment and post history and I understand your side of the virus debate. I have no desire to debate any of this with you to any extent whatsoever. This is our opinion as a family and her personal opinion as a young American.  Whatever negative comments you feel like making you're more than welcome to voice here but ***do not*** expect any attention to be given to statements as such.  Edited for punctuation.
Yep critical thinking seems to almost be frowned upon nowadays. I just pissed off a couple people for asking for a source on their claim that 40% of cops beat their wife’s. I kept pressuring them for a source and they eventually gave me a link to a reddit post....
I read about her. That was an incredible feat of medicine. She was the first double lung transplant at that age right?  I was reading an article last night about the heart disease that is gripping younger patients that have recovered from the virus. Also read the reports from doctors who have performed autopsies to discover significant clotting, not to mention other organ damage.  I really wish the long term health effects would start getting more attention. And who is going to be paying for this? The people. Businesses, states, government institutions are most likely going to be exempt from any legal action taken by victims of this virus with the passage of the next stimulus bill.  Why should places like that be exempt from civil suits? So that employers can force employees to work with infection/infected people in their work space? So that stores cannot be sued because they don't limit capacity or require mask?  They see the immediate affect on the hospitals as patients that may need ICU or ventilators but neglect the idea that the health care system will be hurt further by people that can't afford reliable health insurance, the people that are in that void for ACA and it cost them more than stand alone health insurance.  So much is being overlooked or cast aside right now and we really need to be studying our elected officials and questioning how they will handle the future after the initial impact of this novel virus.  Sorry for the rant there. It's just worrying that none of this seems to be a priority of the people which are supposed to protect us.  Edit: About the [clotting](https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2020/05/autopsies-covid-19-patients-reveal-clotting-concerns). About the [Heart](https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/health/conditions-and-diseases/coronavirus/can-coronavirus-cause-heart-damage). There's much more than just this. But this is what I could immediately recall. So, if one contracts and survives this virus there is Zero guarantee they will be 100% healthy and back to normal afterwords.
In that sense he is but I'd suspect most people won't think twice about Pence after he's left office while someone like Michelle Obama has gone on to do a multitude of things for the betterment of society after her White House stint.
Oh for sure. It's nothing new but things have changed so much in the last few years that it's not simply as subtle as pop-in photo op, especially in times of COVID.
well, your lack of understanding of statistics is certainly supporting your argument that education is important, if not your argument that it needs to be done in-person right now
Oh look! We've returned to the "pools are more deadly" position. Be careful you may be moving this benchmark too like last time.
Sorry you think its red vs blue. I'm not fox news. Real person trying to figure out what's best for my family. Hope it goes away so all kids can get back to normal lives. For what its worth, we've been locked down as best we can and wear masks when we go out.
Yeah that's sound judgement right there lol! I don't know about police and their domestic situations. I have heard a high rate use drugs/alcohol. But that's just what I've heard. No statistics or anything.   It's easier to just say that many people regardless of profession live with similar vices. Best we can do is try to support individuals that struggle with things like that and help them get to healthier lifestyles.
there's tons of sources if you google "police officer domestic abuse rate" or something like that  [https://kutv.com/news/local/40-of-police-officer-families-experience-domestic-violence-study-says](https://kutv.com/news/local/40-of-police-officer-families-experience-domestic-violence-study-says)  [https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2014/09/police-officers-who-hit-their-wives-or-girlfriends/380329/](https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2014/09/police-officers-who-hit-their-wives-or-girlfriends/380329/)   [https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/8357/9d94db09ca037821661f026fb03d3f699891.pdf](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/8357/9d94db09ca037821661f026fb03d3f699891.pdf)   [https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1359178916301331](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1359178916301331)   [yahoo.com/lifestyle/data-suggests-40-percent-cops-145601125.html](https://yahoo.com/lifestyle/data-suggests-40-percent-cops-145601125.html)
Oh I totally agree on the issues once you clear the virus it’s honestly terrifying! I don’t understand why it’s not being spoke of, I’m a retired CCU nurse and have been reading and researching nonstop. I had a heart attack as a result of an assault a few months back I was just getting back to feeling well when COVID showed up, I’ve been firmly planted at home since 3/10. I’m beyond thankful I’m able to do so bc even thinking about being out and about right now is very scary to me, I feel like I fought for months to get back to where I am now with no long lasting effects and I’d like to stay that way for a bit!
Not saying it is what you say. Just setting the expectations after reading some of your history. I apologize if I came off negatively. I do hope we all get back to normal as well and wish you and your family a happy and healthy future.  When it comes to what is best for your family all I can say is follow the crumbs the scientist are leaving for us. Obtain information from as many unbiased sources as you can and consider what is more traumatizing to you.   As an adult I know that watching a loved one pass is excruciating. I understand that physically isolating from friends is very hard as well. But keeping my distance from others outside my family is far easier than losing a family member that I cannot be with to comfort in their final hours.  Take that for what it's worth. And again I truly do wish you all well.
I know I can do that. I was trying to show that in a debate/discourse it is on the individual making the claim to provide evidence for their claims, not the person listening’s job
I'm so sorry to hear that such a terrible thing happened to you. I wish the best for you and that you fully recover both physically/mentally. My heart is with you.  I'm glad that you have the opportunity to stay home. That's the safest option for everyone right now and I feel for those that are unable to do so. I'm lucky enough that my company offered me a furlough to avoid this and it also helps them minimize the number of people in office which will help minimize the spread.  We'll get through this. And at some point we will have a better understanding on this virus as a whole and not just the little we know now.   Let's just hope that laws aren't passed to protect companies and organizations from legal action if they threaten/harm society with bad practices.
someone asked who would be held accountable when the 1st child dies from COVID. you said it was "a near statistical impossibility" which is indisputably false when it has happened 38 times since late April. by definition, it cannot be "a near statistical impossibility" if it has already happened 38 times.  if you want to place some morbid bet that no other child between 5 and 14 will die, go ahead, but you will lose. I think you're conflating that with me saying it is very likely that your one specific child  between 5-14 years old will die from COVID, which it is not (although it is still not statistically impossible). sure, dig your heels in on being wrong if you want, or go ask r/AskStatistics and see if they agree with you
Thanks. For what it's worth, I think you are probably a great parent. You listen to your kids and I think that's one of the most important things you can do as a parent. So many people want to teach that they forget kids need to be heard.
Thanks a bunch I truly appreciate it!
Thank you for the compliment. We've raised her to be a free thinker and to challenge her surroundings regardless if it's a peer or an adult. Always to look for the truth and base her decisions on what she believes best reflects her ideals as well as working to better those around her too.  I'm sure that you guys do the same. I'm not sure how old your kid/s are or if they can give you an opinion of their own but I'm sure if they can you'd listen and have an open conversation with them about the current pandemic.  It's very hard as parents of young children to explain to them what this is, how things are changing, and how things may look in the future. Best we can do is guide them with compassion and hope they carry the same values through life.  Kids are smarter than a lot give them credit for and they understand so much more than we all think. But a sit down or a car ride with them just probing their thoughts can give us direction on what their worries are. And that can help us navigate this situation with them.  Edit: Grammar
I think the phrase you are looking for is statistically improbable. If it was impossible it wouldn't have even happened once, let alone 38 times.  But in this case I wouldn't say even improbable applies.  1 in a million (before schools have even opened up) is actually pretty high from a statistical perspective.  Something like a large asteroid capable of killing most of the life on earth at 0.000001%, now that is something that you could say statistically improbable.
I still don't think you quite get it. There is a chance that it will happen, multiple times.  As the other commenter stated, it's already happened 38 times.  It's going to happen a lot more when schools across the country open up.  It's going to be a lot more likely than a lightning strike once outbreaks occur throughout the country. Right now only a handful of schools are open.
again, I don't think you're really saying what you think you're saying.  yes, the odds of me or you specifically getting struck by lightning this year are rather low. the odds of SOMEONE getting struck by lightning this year, however, are not.  there's a huge difference between saying "it's not very likely to happen to my kid" and "it's not very likely to happen" when we're talking about thousands or millions of kids.  if we're talking about a student dying if all students return to school in-person, the odds of that happening are actually pretty high. if you were indeed assuming they were talking about Thales alone (I was not), we can do some VERY rough math off those 1 in 1.079 million odds and the "3,000 and growing" enrollment they cite and there's about a 1 in 360 shot that Thales will have a kid die from COVID. I would not call that improbable given the stakes.  again, that is VERY rough math and there are a lot of variables at play here, including age (it looks like the mortality rate is higher for teens), mask usage and distancing, and the number of Thales students who are actually attending in person. those odds I calculated are also generalized for the US and are based on current data for 5-14 year olds.
nope, not what I'm saying at all, nor what the other poster said. I've gone from concern over your ability to interpret statistics to concern over your reading comprehension.

NC to offer financial benefits for people in COVID-19 isolation in these 20 counties

Interesting. While the full article explains it a bit better, basically in the counties with the highest number of COVID cases, if you are told to quarantine due to a positive COVID test, NC will pay you $400 as wage replacement ($800 if you have kids), and help out with other services like grocery delivery.   This may help keep those that are testing positive at home and in quarantine rather than out and about or back at work spreading the disease.   Additionally, this is being funded through the end of the year by the CARES act (unless funding runs out before December).
Would it be too much to ask for a list of the 20 counties?
Cool but doesn't look like Wake is on the list.
Wonder if there are exemptions for Wake if you commute in one of the hotspot counties.
Wake not on the list. And I am still unclear on whether they pay for a hotel room for someone who tests positive to quarantine them. One of the many reasons I haven't got tested yet.......I can't do anything about it regardless of what the test shows.
Is this decided by legal residency? As in if someone's legal residence is in lee but they have been quarantined in wake would they still be eligible for this help?
This seems like an incentive to get Covid. Discuss..
>Additionally, this is being funded through the end of the year by the CARES act (unless funding runs out before December).  Narrator: It will.
Here y'all go:  Mecklenburg  Durham  Johnston  Chatham  Granville  Vance  Robeson  Columbus  Bladen  Sampson  Duplin  Wayne  Wilson  Greene  Lee  Rowan  Stanly  Montgomery  Randolph  Gaston
It's in the article, all the way at the bottom.
Wake is not very high on cases per capita
..and then?
Yes for some homeless individuals.
Yup, pretty big bummer. I've been working in retail as an essential (read: expendable) this whole time in retail and would love to get tested, but a positive result means lost wages, so...
Psst...hey you. Yeah, you. Listen,  I work in a lab at a clinic. You give me $200 I say you tested positive, you get $ 800. Dont worry. They'll think your asymptomatic and no one will ever know.
$800 for getting a deathly disease? 👌 capitalism.
I was thinking almost the same thing.   Its nice and all but i feel like maybe making it so less folks go out and get covid to begin with would be more effective.  At this point once a person test positive and get a note from the dr saying so they prolly been wandering around spreading it for a weeek.  The horse has let the barn at the point.
I'm glad Gaston is on that list. I stopped by on a drive down I-85 and those guys need it.
>Lynn Bonner is a longtime News & Observer reporter who has covered politics and state government. She now covers environmental issues and health care.  This is all I found at the bottom of the article
paywalled\\loginwalled.
Understood. Just commented that since this is the Raleigh subreddit and all...
One of the many reasons that the number of cases being reported every day on the news is totally meaningless. You have to assume every person you see has it. If they cared about public health in this state, they would have expanded Medicaid years ago.
Rapid test would be really easy to fake.
"...a deathly disease."
Since the govt gives out the money. Capitalism doesn’t really apply.
This is mine      >We use cookies and similar technologies. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy.
https://www.cbs17.com/community/health/coronavirus/nc-accepting-applications-for-covid-19-support-service-program-in-20-counties/
Weird, I'm paywalled now too and yesterday was able to read all of it.
I think it's free if you login but I'm not that interested, I already get 1000+ emails a day, I don't need 10 more lol.

Thales Academy staff member tests positive for coronavirus after school reopened Monday

And so it begins
"Who could have predicted this?"
I am surprised they are just going with a deep clean then immediate reopen the next day. I wonder what if anything they told the parents and faculty.
That didn't take long at all, in about 10 days there will be more.
I wonder how much tuition will be raised to cover all these cleanings they will have to keep doing if they remain open.
Did anyone actually read the article?  The person that tested positive, does not teach in Raleigh at Thales.   They were visiting from Tennessee, asymptomatic, and sat in 1 classroom wearing a mask.      The article is click-bait by WRAL.   "Visiting Teacher from Tennessee tested positive" doesn't get as many clicks.  Props to Thales, they are were 100% transparent about someone in the building that has since tested positive.  If it is newsworthy that anytime someone steps in a school and later tests positive, the WCPS kids are never going back to school, like for years.
And this is one of the reasons why I chose plan C for my son who will be starting kinder next month. As much as I want him back in a school, it's going to be such a shit show. I feel absolutely terrible for teachers and staff.
Thales is a classical academy, conservative in thinking and beliefs. Religion, while not directly part of the foundation of the school, plays a key part in the decision to do this as they believe God will watch over them.
if a school does not have a way to do large amount of test and have results in in 24 hours or less they should not even think about opening.  temp checks are about pointless.   In this case folks were exsposed on monday and not notified as late as thursday night. We dont know when tthe staff memeber tested positive.   So prolly from monday to thur we got at least 16 kids who should be tested right now. Isolated until they have results. each of those kids have parents and siblings and others who are close contact with them that also should prolly isolate. They been running around for 3 days possibly possiblily positive. Just spreadin all over the damn placee.  If just one of those kids test positive you got to do it all it again with all the other kids they have been in contact with.  Until we are able to get test for large amounts of folks done quickly this is not gonna work.
Grand opening. Grand closing.
"You can't plan for something that hasn't happened yet"  (actual quote from the current U.S. Secretary of Education)
Maybe if the owners let the students wear masks this could of been avoided.
Just like everyone who didn't conveniently forget that schools are petri dishes on steroids predicted.
Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated.
I mean the cleaning is really nothing more than security theater
I mean they proudly announced they were reopening and that masks would *not* be required so I think we can assume they’re fucking fruitbats.
Thales sent something out before it was posted on WRAL.   The person was on campus days ago & DOES NOT TEACH IN RALEIGH & had NO interaction with students.  They were simply in a classroom for a few hours wearing a mask.    It is clickbait.  Should all businesses shut down for weeks if someone was in the business and tested positive a few days later?
$$$$
Just remember, *you* don’t choose plan C. Either enroll in the WCPSS virtual academy, or you ride the A/B/modifiedB/C roller coaster.
Unfortunately the virus actually exists, as opposed to their invisible sky monster that requires their earthly devotion in order to be rewarded after they die.
WTF are you talking about?
Did you read the article?  It was someone visiting the school from Tennesse, that was in a classroom for a few hours, wearing a mask.    This has zero to do with the cleanliness of the school.
In an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, send a [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fraleigh).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It seems like too little too late.
Until they get to deep cleaning everyone’s lungs yeah it’s meaningless
Actually masks are required and never removed I have 2 in Jr high and 1 in high school.
I mean, they were in an enclosed space breathing out air for multiple hours. Most masks only filter about 60-80 percent of small particles when worn properly. And risk of airborne transmission is greatest when in an enclosed space for an extended period of time. The virus can live in the air for up to 3 hours.  So I would definitely consider the children in the class they were observing, to have been potentially exposed.
How is this clickbait when WRAL’s reporting is aligned with what you just stated above?
Oh I'm in JoCo and my son is going to a charter school here. They're offering plan C for the first semester for those who don't want to do plan B. His teacher will be doing lesson plans for us to follow and apparently there's no homework. I'm waiting to hear more details. Supposedly, they're going to have a virtual parents night before 8/10 and go over everything.
FWIW, there is ZERO religion taught at Thales.
That poster is probably referencing this from the Thales faq: >[we execute curriculum, instruction, and operations informed by a Judeo-Christian worldview](https://www.thalesacademy.org/about/frequently-asked-questions)
The person visiting was a teacher from the Thales location in Tennessee. Where do you think that teacher got COVID-19? The most likely answer is that they got it from their kids -- kind of like how they catch everything else from their kids.
I hear that works well...along with bleach injection.  /s
according to the story, she was at the Raleigh campus, which is Pre-K to 7th grade. the vast majority of those students would be under 11, which is the age at which Thales is requiring them to wear masks  also super odd they would think right now is a good time for a teacher to be visiting from Tennessee for training purposes, particularly given how poorly Tennessee seems to be handling the virus
Is Thales academy a religious school?
Ah, interesting.  Over the weekend WRAL was reporting that they were reopening and specifically stated that they aren’t required to follow state guidelines and that masks would not be required (in the headline, if I remember right).    Now it looks like the headline has been changed and the story now reads that students 11 and up will be wearing masks.  Glad to see that’s the case.
The story tells the facts but the Headline makes it more sensational & interesting.  The headline implies it was someone teaching or an administrator in the Triangle.  Given the reaction of people in this thread that only read the headline but still reacted, the headline writer clearly maximized engagement.   'Tennessee Visitor to Thales Academy Tests Positive' doesn't create as large of a reaction.
I see! My kids‘ charter school is doing the same thing. Virtual for those who want it, C before Labor Day and then B when the school feels like it’s prudent.
I've had kids at Thales for 12 years now and have never seen any teaching I would consider religious.  I will say they probably have a higher number of teachers from 'religious' universities like the Seminary school in Wake Forest but I would not consider it a religious school in any means.
The teacher hadn't started teaching in Tennessee yet, so she didn't get it from the kids she was teaching.
Nope, no religion is taught.  The focus is sort of STEM and classical thinking requiring students to take classes in logic & latin.
> students 11 and up will be wearing masks. Glad to see that’s the case.  How does this make you happy?
everything in the original (and now updated) headline was true and accurate. sounds like you wanted them to sub "Tennessee Visitor" for "Thales staff member" when they were both. also taking a guess that WRAL didn't have 100% of the info when they first ran this as a breaking story, which they have now updated (including the headline).   as a Thales parent, I get that you're sensitive to them coming under fire for this, but I have a hard time believing any school or school system choosing to reopen with face-to-face instruction right now is going to come out smelling like a rose. gotta take their lumps if that's how they're choosing to proceed.
Same here. His school starts on the 10th and they want all students doing virtual for a couple weeks, then slowly start implementing plan B stagger starting the different grades with group A going Mon and Tues, group B going Thurs and Fri. Wed is virtual for everyone while they clean the school. I'm assuming they'll also clean during weekends.
I never said it was religious, however in reading their founding statements and principles, religion plays a key role in their decision making process. Classical academies are typically in response to “liberal thinking” in schools. It might be a great school and I am not judging them or anything, but based on the information the school releases and the founder states, they are founded with a Christian centric worldview.
What's your point? That doesn't change the fact that she brought COVID-19 into the building, and I guarantee you this will not be the only time it happens. Schools are breeding grounds for germs. That's always been the case, and there's no good evidence to think it will be different with COVID-19.
Awesome.  Thanks for the reply.
Because people wearing masks is a good thing?
I feel like 2 days back-to-back with a day or two between groups makes a lot more sense than what we‘re doing. Mondays everyone is virtual, half the school comes TuTh, and the other half comes WF. My kids don’t even want to go back because their older brother is medically fragile.
My mom didn't teach until we were all in school. She said that the first few years, she brought home everything. It's going to happen.
From all I've read, there have been very few confirmed cases of a teacher catching COVID from a student worldwide.  Some studies show that children carry a lower virus load even if they test positive, and even those who live with them do not catch the virus the majority of the time.  Nature magazine recently had an article that indicated infected children in the home were the cause for only 8% of COVID cases worldwide.  This study from high schools in Australia found that only 2 of 863 people  who were in close contact with someone with Covid-19 contracted the virus:    [https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/6877277-NCIRS-NSW-Schools.html#document/p1](https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/6877277-NCIRS-NSW-Schools.html#document/p1)   It seems that the greater risk is adult school staffers spreading COVID among themselves, which is a real concern.  But the idea that by gathering children together will automatically cause mass outbreaks and illness doesn't seem to be borne out when examining actual data from schools.  Not that I'm advocating opening up everything as normal, but the science on kids and COVID is still very much in flux.  I see tons of anecdotal evidence and opinion thrown out on social media regarding schools and a lot of it directly contradicts the science that is currently available.
But 5th graders don't need masks? Stupid.
That's odd they chose Monday to do virtual. I don't blame your kids. We have high risk family members as well. We've been keeping to ourselves since March and doing everything we're supposed to. I know there are quite a few families who are not by chatter in my local mom FB group. I don't trust these parents with keeping kids home when sick. Plus a lot of them are not even concerned about the teachers potentially getting sick which is upsetting. I do feel for the parents who work and can't stay home with their children though. It's such a sucky situation to be in.
You can't gather kids at school without adults, and as we've seen already with the summer camp that closed down on the first day because of a sick staffer, and this teacher from Tennessee, it's not a question of "if" COVID-19 spreads through schools, it's "when." No teachers, no school.  The only solution to this problem is 100% remote learning. Kids and parents alike will suffer for it, but it's the best option we have at this point, and it's better than no education at all.
Of course they do.  But if it’s none of the students wearing a mask, or half the students wearing a mask- the latter is still better than the former.
I'm unclear on how you've jumped from one person in a school who has tested positive to "COVID-19 spreads through schools".  I don't have all the info on the Thales situation, but my understanding is that there is no indication of spreading at this time.  It will actually be a good thing to follow and see how the tracing works and if this becomes a bigger problem.  Again, I'm not necessarily saying now is the time to open everything up, but it seems that your standard is that it's unacceptable to ever have even 1 person who has tested positive associated with a school in any way.  Even if that person is identified, contract tracing is employed, and quarantining of the affected parties occurs, it is reason enough to not open anything at all.  If that is indeed the bar to reach, I fear that schools may be closed for years.  As an aside, the latest CDC recommendations have just come out and they are strongly in favor of in-person learning for the same reasons that I mentioned above.  They do seem to be at odds with your view that opening schools will absolutely cause more spreading of the virus, but I am always open to read more studies that indicate otherwise.
No it's fucking not.
The CDC's recommendations don't contemplate the risks to teachers and staff, and frankly, I think the idea that they should risk their lives purely to benefit kids and their families is complete bullshit.
You’d rather have no one wearing a mask?
Gotcha.  Agree to disagree.
Everybody needs to wear a mask. Half of the kids not wearing a mask is exactly the same as nobody wearing a mask.
The 6th - 12th grade students have classes in a separate building, so no, it’s not the same as no one wearing masks. The older kids will be much more protected than if they weren’t wearing masks.  And my point isn’t that they shouldn’t all be wearing masks- I’m just replying as to why you have issue with someone being glad that some of the kids will be masked

A North Carolina private school reopened amid national concerns over in-person classes. Days later a staff member tested positive for coronavirus.

>The school emailed parents that "the staff member in training was asymptomatic" and "passed the temperature check," according to WRAL  Which means the person was probably checked (using a PCR or antibody test *edit*) because they'd come into contact with another positive case, since you don't usually test asymptomatic people for no reason.  The person was obviously not severely affected.  I'd expect there are a lot of similar cases.
I have a few teacher friends here in the triangle that have been pretty vocal over the years about their dislike and distrust of two very specific private schools 1. Thales Academy and 2. The Raleigh School.  These two private schools apparently have a long history of discrimination and (as I hear) both are very open about not accepting special needs kids and not taking adequate precautions when it comes to protecting the health and well being of their students and faculty. Apparently since they are private they can be this way?  Mind you I’ve been hearing about this well before CoVid19, so seeing this stuff hitting the news and having heard the many horror stories about how these schools operate makes me really wonder if it’s all true.  - If so... damn
Idiots, and they're still going to continue after disinfecting the teacher's room. Somehow this happening within the first week of their opening wasn't a strong enough wakeup call that this is a terrible and irresponsible decision.  Someone close to me is an art teacher at a private elementary school in the area and was recently told she was expected to teach in person with every grade coming into her classroom. It's ridiculous and is only going to put her and everyone else at risk. I hope they reverse course.  Edit: Replaced some slightly more personal information with a more generic description.
fucking morons - it's such a terrible idea sending children back to school. Trump is too much of a fucking coward to hold his bullshit rallies but his supporters are more than ready to put their kids and teachers lives on the line
> Which means the person was probably checked because they'd come into contact with another positive case, since you don't usually test asymptomatic people for no reason.  Temperature checks for every single person entering the building are standard at a lot of companies right now
I dealt with a teacher from Thales at my former workplace and she was a major shit bag. Glad I didn’t get the contact for their prom.
The reason they don't have special accommodations for every student is the low tuition prices, they would have to raise tuition to hire for special programs.
https://services.aap.org/en/pages/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-infections/clinical-guidance/covid-19-planning-considerations-return-to-in-person-education-in-schools/    Yeah, those morons at the American Academy of Pediatrics.
It's standard at mine, too.  It's cheap and easy.    Sorry for any confusion, but when I said this person was checked, I meant using a PCR or antibody test.  I'm sure that's what they used to determine a positive for Covid-19.
I have 3 at Thales, we have to complete a daily health screen by phone show the staff and everyone has temperature checks before entering the building.
Yes, they're wrong.   Did you read the nyt report on why? The guy that wrote that plan got covid and still has lingering symptoms to this day, but he (AAP) boiled it down to saying at the end of last year kids didn't learn enough so he wants them to go back. It's completely anecdotal and not scientifically based. They are wrong.   That is why state, federal and the cdc all strongly recommend remote learning. AAP are not educators their article is baseless given they have no control or input on how teachers teach, only shared an opinion of why kids should go back.   Nice cherry picked article though to suit your point of view. There's numerous others that say the complete opposite, with scientifically backed data. That's what matters.
I have a feeling you all are going to get sick before the Fall season is over.

Coronavirus testing that’s after 5pm?
Checked all the cvs locations that are near Raleigh. My doctors office closes at 4:30. Does anyone know of any locations that test after 5pm? I have minor symptoms but I’d like to get tested as soon as possible just to be safe for myself and others as I go back to college in a couple weeks.Update: got a test at nextcare in north Raleigh. But feel free to keep commenting locations if it’d be helpful for others!
Look into urgent care/walk-in clinics. I believe wake county has drive up testing on the weekend as well.
If you are testing for a couple weeks out, it's not really effective unless you never leave your house.  If you are symptom free for several days the CDC says you're good. I think it's three days maybe? (edit, now 24 hours). It looks like they want you to wait 10 days from onset as well. So you should be good since you are a couple weeks away.  In fact, the CDC literally states that return to work is not to be determined by a test.  [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/return-to-work.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/return-to-work.html)  I will say that when we called our doctor and UNC about testing, they were screening people. From what we could infer, they didn't want just anyone dropping by to get tested unless you were experiencing extreme negative effects such as trouble breathing.  But, I'm gonna be brutally honest, you have a far greater chance of catching it when going to college with to all the other students bad habits and wanting to attend parties.  If I were going to college now, I don't think I would do it in person. Virtual only. The environment is ripe for this sort of spread.
A CVS in Cary is doing testing.  55 and High House.
Order the pixel test from labcorp if it’s not super urgent and you can quarantine in the meantime. They ship it overnight but it took 2 days to get mine approved and then it takes at least a couple days to get the results back no matter where you go unless you do a 15-minute urgent one.
Avance Care. I think they’re open until 7? It took me 5 days to get results.
Duke
Urgent care for sure. My fiancé went to one in Morrisville a few weeks ago and they were open and testing until 8pm I think.
Oh that looks like a good option. Thank you
Well it’s not just college, my boyfriend works full time too with older coworkers and we’re in a small apartment together. So we don’t want a chance of spreading it to others even if we get mild symptoms.   And yea, not excited that most of my classes are hybrid so half in class and half online. Virtual only is not an option. Trust me, I’m not happy about it. I’m not the party type but I can only imagine that some college students will still be gathering and bringing it into the classroom.
*** DUE TO THE CURRENT POLTICIAL CLIMATE ***, in an effort to reduce spam and trolling, we automatically delete posts from accounts that are less than five (5) days old or that do not meet a required karma count, as these are often signs (though not proof) of spam/trolling. Because your account does not meet these requirements, your post has been deleted. If you feel this was in error, click the link below to send us a modmail.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/raleigh) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well by now it's already too late though. Congregate living is the #1 spreader of the virus.  That is why we wear masks when we leave our homes and go out into the public, to protect others, if you have it.  And if you don't have it now, whose to say one of them doesn't bring it home in the next few weeks while you are living there?  These were given to me by my company's medical personnel. The testing at some locations like CVS is fraught with false results due to the way they test.  &#x200B;      Avance Care - Northeast Raleigh          Drive-thru           7510 Ramble Way, Suite 107, Raleigh, NC 27616      (919) 747-3033      Open now: 7:30AM-7PM▼      Appointment Required      Physician Order Required      Screening Required Info check     Antibody testing icon  Info check     Source: https://www.avancecare.com/covid-19/testing/               Millbrook Magnet High School     Drive-thru      2201 Spring Forest Road, Raleigh, NC 27615      (919) 856-7044      Closed now▼      Screening Required Info check     ONLY TESTING ON 06/29-06/30! Tests are limited to patients with symptoms, exposure, a healthcare worker or first responder; Work in high-risk settings like long-term care facilities, correctional facilities and homeless shel... more          Source: https://covid19.wakegov.com/testing/                    Select Family Practice     Clinic      10931 Raven Ridge Road, Raleigh, NC 27614      (919) 237-9842      Open now: 8AM-6PM▼      Appointment Required     Screening Required Info check     Antibody testing icon  Please call ahead     Source: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cWjXGX3Z9BV0XSvQA0WE_r_gPIMjALo7kjpXf3sISoA/e...                     NextCare Urgent Care Raleigh     Urgent Care Clinic      4100 Wake Forest Rd, Raleigh, NC 27609      (919) 872-3959      Open now: 8AM-8PM▼     Schedule AppointmentAntibody testing icon           Book a time online at https://nextcare.com/curbside. To access curbside care, please contact the clinic prior to visiting. Testing is dependent on availabilty of supplies which may vary daily depending on demand.
Thank you! I’m at an urgent care now in north raleigh

