Covid-19 at Chic-fil-a Mayfaire

###Hey, /u/wearthefuckingmask, we're glad you decided to post to /r/Wilmington but your account is super fresh.   Based on your account age it looks like your account is new to Reddit. Because of that, we've had to remove your post. Unfortunately, we've had some issues with people creating troll throwaway accounts and bots spreading misinformation. Putting this limit in place helps us better maintain a positive community here on Reddit. We appreciate your understanding with this and look forward to seeing your post in two weeks (14 days) when your account will be old enough to post.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Wilmington) if you have any questions or concerns.*

COVID-19 could have been contained by now

The idiocy in our country is holding us back is so many ways.
I work at a hotel on market street with plenty of these fucks coming down for vacation and not wearing masks. I’m not getting paid well enough to live barely as it is and I can’t go back to work at Screen Gems obviously and they’re not paying me hazard pay to deal with all these animals spreading disease. I knew as soon as we opened back up for Memorial Day weekend and the hotel filled up to capacity that they don’t care about us. All they care about is opening back up to get money back in the state. Profit over people.
As long as our beaches remain open we’re going to keep having outbreaks as people travel here for vacations from places that are a bit smarter about their safety.
Yeah the mass gatherings of people really just set us back a good couple of months
Another covid circle jerk? You’re preaching to the choir bub.
United we stand, divided we fall....
We all know which people are to blame....... but I don't feel like attracting them to this post.  I work at UNCW, which will be open soon, and you will get *nowhere* on campus without a mask.  Good luck trying to fight your way in.
How do you figure that we could contain it with no vaccine? It’s extremely communicable and there will always be outbreak pockets that then spread until we have a vaccine. Remember when we shutdown the whole country for ~8 weeks and then slowly phased in and immediately saw outbreaks? What’s your suggestion bub?
Removed. This isn't Wilmington specific.
Target is hiring base 15 an hr. Alot of employers around here arent paying enough considering, its fucked
Think we've been falling for a few years now already. Always a good sign when a politic makes a platform off of "me good them bad" but even better when you take that and pump it to the umf degree to the point that anything now can be a political subject if you don't like it.
The protesters in all the blue cities that are having outbreaks, right?
We're doing terribly compared to other large countries. Probably too late to do what they did, though, so yeah... we're fucked.
Sweeeeeet thank you
Sure, bud.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/tommybeer/2020/07/01/research-determines-protests-did-not-cause-spike-in-coronavirus-cases/
To their credit they are at least wearing masks. Unlike those that are outside for no reason j chilling.

Covid-19 in USA - Top 15 States By Active Cases - 20 April to 28 July


