NC reporting a new daily record for Covid 19 cases!
NC COVID-19 Update: State reports highest single-day increase in 24 hour period https://wlos.com/news/local/nc-covid-19-update-07-01-2020
Damn. I’m not surprised but it still just feels so sad because a lot of it would have been prevented by everyone wearing a simple cloth mask.  The evidence of that is becoming undeniable. Time to put aside our politics and stop this thing from even more long term devastation to life and livelihoods. It’s not about taking away our freedoms. It’s about giving everyone as much freedom to stay alive while still being able to sensibly go about our lives. Not wearing masks puts a stop to far more than wearing one does.
Just gonna drop this here...    https://youtu.be/1yKWubzjD-k
Thanks protesters/rioters for being so incredibly selfish grandma killing terrorists. All you had to do was stay home for a couple weeks but you werr so selfish you couldn't do it.   Was stealing TVs mmore important than people's health?   Was breaking windows more important than keeping people safe?  This disease and all the deaths are squarely on the rioters hands.
It is sad, but this will be a headline every day in July most likely as we continue to climb our EPI curve.  We've been in relatively good shape in WNC and Buncombe, but as is the case with most Communicable Diseases in the state there is a 4-6 week lag between outbreaks in Triangle/Charlotte areas and Asheville.
They can just keep talking, I for one am not listening!
Lol this was funny

At least one employee has tested positive for Covid 19 at Wild Wings south
Employees are being asked to come back in to close early for the night. A deep cleaning will be done and they expect to be back open tomorrow.  Some of the employees have been tested. Others has not. Employees have a social media gag order from management. I do not.  I do know employees from other restaurants tend to meet up there after their places of employment close for the evening.
Some places with positive tests are closing for ten days to quarantine and test. I heard Second Gear did that.
Time to go back to Phase 1. Stop reopening. Close the bars and restaurants until the numbers are actually going down. We are at the bottom of an exponential curve. Its about to get much worse. Christmas has already been cancelled.
Jesus. Get ready, everyone, we are about to get slammed.
It is Wild Wing Cafe on Long Shoals Rd
Shit. That’s the late night bar for like every server and bartender in South Asheville. Does anyone know if there are places for free covid testing?Mercy clinic charges $189 for a test if you don’t have insurance, and I’m sure Wild Wing isn’t paying to get their employees tested.
Why has this not been on the news?? Restaurants in hendersonville are on blast for positive workers...the public needs to know
Someone needs to contact Wlos and skyline news...this needs to be in the news...I got To Go from there...I need more info
So? Live your life like you would before you were taught to be afraid and compliant sheep.
No closure at Wild Wing. He is having the place cleaned tonight and employees are not quarantining.
At-will employment is a hell of a fucking thing. A place like WWC can (and will) legally fire you for anything they please.
Read the first amendment again and tell me what it says. I’m not defending this company if this is true, but the restaurant has nothing to do with the first amendment.
All of the county sites are free.
RANGE urgent care
Dont confuse empathy with fear ya fucking clown.
Oooh. So edgy. I will move on to another post. You can go back to sucking that dick.
Do you just pretend all the problems in your life "dont exist"?
Empathy to what end?
People can and do get fired for what they say all the time. They can fire you for anything that is not a protected class (race, sex, etc).      If you read the NC labor laws and take them literal as written they can do fun things like require you to work an insane number of hours sequentially.
I'm not a lawyer, but it is my understanding that [you can be fired for anything you post ](https://blog.socialintel.com/free-speech-and-social-media-what-are-your-rights) on social media.
I think the important distinction here is that he works for the government, and the 1st amendment protects you from government censorship or punishment. Otherwise, free speech doesn’t protect you from its consequences.
To the end that you don’t want others around you dead.. yes we should be aware of the gov stripping our rights but we should also be aware of a disease stripping us of our lives..  Is your ‘right’ to get chicken wings more valuable than someone else’s right to live?
I want to be a lawyer and I confirm everything you just said.
Most in the service industry can’t afford an attorney or to lose their job.  If only we could have some solidarity........

COVID-19 announcement Carolina Renaissance Festival

A real renaissance fair would welcome a plague for authenticity.
Thanks everyone.  Those interested in supporting the community of touring artists who have been out of work, and with no reprieve in sight, can learn how to help at:    https://www.facebook.com/groups/FR2020
lol even the fucking Ren Fair has the balls to do what our what our government is too chicken shit to admit. Kudos to these folks for saving lives!
Why didn't they just throw some leaches on everyone? That would have solved the problem.
INCONCEIVABLE!
I’ve never been to a more money-draining festival than the renaissance festival.
I would love to buy an old style plague mask, with the beak and all. Anyone see anything like it on Etsy?
If possible, you should edit the original post to include this link- make it easier for people to find. My family loves Ren Fest and are bummed to miss it this year, but I'm glad you're taking precautions nonetheless.
Exactly, covid thrives on excess blood!
Wow you are really triggered about the renni fest. All I meant was most everything is extra once inside the door.....most festivals I go to the ticket price covers all activities once inside. Lol you ok bru

Deerfield Health Care worker dies of COVID-19 age 39

Looks like you accidentally linked the wrong story. Here it is, so sad. Hopefully more people will begin to realize that we are all connected and our actions affect each other. My heart goes out to his family.   https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/07/06/asheville-health-care-worker-deerfield-community-dies-covid-19/3280820001/
That is scary
But I thought it only affected "old" people, and everyone else could congregate and make out?
That is terrible ..glad he is ok
this is why if you get the virus and you're not an essential worker you shouldnt be allowed medical care. you're endangering our valued health care workers
> some people don't have a choice  He could have quit his job and collected unemployment as he knew he was in a high-risk environment, and that exemption is allowed right now. In other words, he had a choice. I thank him for his sacrifice as we plow through the pandemic.
This is incredibly sad and puts a very human face on the situation.   Be safe, and wear a mask folks. Wearing a mask is what people being good to each other looks like.
Funny thing about viruses, they affect people differently. Age and other factors increase complications but, you never know how your body will be affected after being hit.
I get the /s,  but virologists are starting to consider Covid-19 a vascular disease.  That's where the virus concentrats, so every organ can sustain damage that we wont see till later (after an autopsy, for example).
I can assure you, the virus knows no age.  Infants, teenagers, 20-somethings and 30+ get it just like older folks do.
Aged 49 and under are 5% of the deaths in NC, so numbers back up that it affects the "old" mostly.  59% of deaths are aged 75+.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases
lol what the fuck? I'm glad you're not a healthcare worker. Nobody who works in that field would deny a sick person care, that's the whole fucking point. You're gross.
Love to wake up, read a story about the death of a young man, blame him for it, back it up with fake documents, then double and triple down when I get called out for being wrong.   And all before lunch!
In case you actually don’t know, you can’t collect unemployment if you quit. There are a few exceptions, like quitting due to serious injury or illness that makes working that job untenable, but that’s about it.
Additionally, since it has only been researched for six months, long term effects are still unknown.  But there are definitely clues that some life long issues may be present.
You mean like my comment immediately above yours says?
Problem is when those younger people get it and don't die they still may suffer life long issues as it can damage your organs at the vascular level.  So you might be "okay" but you may lose lung capacity, heart capacity, etc.  It seems to affect people and their organs in very different ways.
i didn't say they would deny a sick person care you child. i said people who are dumb and get the virus shouldnt endanger these heroes
PrizedTurkey's claim was that "he didn't have a choice." That claim was false both because he could have taken unemployment and because he could have found another job (a point I didn't previously bring up, but is equally true). I site the governments own guidelines, which you falsely claim to have read, then you site an article that contradicts your own statements and proceeds to tell you what circumstances allow you to claim it and what to say to the unemployment office. *Nothing* you stated was based on anything that was a semblance of fact. You've actually had to back off your statements as I've called you out for your BS. Stop reading clickbait headlines and assuming that's the whole story and start actually reading the articles.
That'snot the case. They changed the rule as part of the first stimulus bill.  https://wdr.doleta.gov/directives/corr_doc.cfm?DOCN=7132
MIS-C has affected less than 200 people.
> this is why if you get the virus and you're not an essential worker you shouldnt be allowed medical care. you're endangering our valued health care workers  I'm sorry, what did I misunderstand about this? Backpedal all you like, you wrote what you wrote.
lmao what a booooooot  I bet you clap when the plane lands or interrupt some poor E-6s day just to shake their hand
Show me where the link you posted says anything like what you claim. You cannot. You're blaming the victim. You could have just seen this story and moved on.
If everyone who has an underlying condition quit, there would be few left to intubate you when they roll you into the ICU.   Healthcare workers are exposed to a much more intense viral load that increases their risk but of course you’ll now tear up the internet desperately trying to link to a source that you (incorrectly) believe supports your selfish point of view
Your link mentions nothing about what you're saying. [This article](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/5258438002) breaks it down pretty clearly. I would imagine most businesses are satisfying minimum legal requirements to protect against the virus so it would probably be quite difficult to prove otherwise.
you're a healthcare worker killer. #healthCareLivesMatter
> You're blaming the victim.  Typical "avoiding responsibility for one's own actions" comment. News flash: you are responsible for your own actions.
You apparently don't understand the concept of "choice" and accepting risk, along with the rest of it.  Some people choose to be firefighters, even though they know they put their lives on the line fighting fires. Some people choose to go into the military. They go into this knowing they may be shot at by guns, tanks, etc. They know the risks and that they're putting their lives on the line. Some people choose to climb radio towers. They do so knowing the risk that they may fall to their deaths. You get the idea.  > but of course you’ll now tear up the internet desperately trying to link to a source  I don't have to "tear up the internet". You didn't bother reading anything at all. Go back to my link, then read the sections of the sited legislation to get the whole picture. When you do so, you'll find my information is correct. The fact is there is nothing factually incorrect about what I said: you can quit your job over COVID. The article AshevilleTerp linked to does spell things out a bit more clearly, but provides the same information. Now how you arrive at 'selfish' is beyond me. This is a pandemic, and a lot of people are going to die. He knew the risks of his profession. The next person might be me, it might be you and that is just the nature of what we are dealing with. As such there is nothing "selfish" about my statement. It is, however, accepting reality and accepting there is no "safe space" to go hide in.
My link that says, "To provide guidance and respond to state inquiries related to the Federal-State EB program and temporary changes to the program in accordance with the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, specifically Division D, Emergency Unemployment Insurance Stabilization and Access Act of 2020 (EUISAA), Public Law (Pub. L.) 116-127, and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 (CARES Act) (Pub. L. 116-136)." and with several PDFs describing exactly that?  And if you actually read the article you link to, much of the article contradicts what you're claiming. You can't use "Fear of the virus" but if you are in conditions that are unsafe (such as a medical facility), you can quit.
 https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/covid-data/infographic-mis-c.html
Ok please explain to me what you meant by your original statement, then. Explain it to me like I'm as dumb as you are.
you must really hate yourself .
As a matter of fact I read both the PDF's you're referencing and the article I linked. That's why I said the bit about minimum safety requirements. Please copy the portion of the PDF's that references what you're saying.   > You can't use "Fear of the virus" but if you are in conditions that are unsafe (such as a medical facility), you can quit  And you think that will be a simple process for the average worker? People don't have the luxury to quit their job today and hope they'll be able to get some back pay down the line.
That infographic is way out of date.
their blood is on your hands sir
Ah, I get it. I thought it might be the case before, but now it's clear: you're doing what's called "projection".
> As a matter of fact I read both the PDF's you're referencing and the article I linked.  You obviously didn't, or you wouldn't be saying, "And you think that will be a simple process for the average worker?" because the article tells you what to say to the unemployment office.  > Please copy the portion of the PDF's that references what you're saying.  Most of it, and it references the relevant sections of the act as well.
Been in the hospital lately?  FALSE INFORMATION
The CDC is garbage?
Matches time other poster claimed 800 in NY alone.
lol you are a miserable person.
lol ok you're being *so insistent* I literally just re-read the whole thing to make sure and IT DOESN'T SAY SHIT ABOUT WHAT YOU'RE SAYING. Also the article I linked doesn't say what you claim either, obviously if you are able to prove an unsafe work environment you become eligible, but it clearly says repeatedly that most will not be eligible and you need to prove it.   Again, please quote for me the language that you seem to believe proves your point. Otherwise, I'm done with this conversation.
The link I provided cites particular bits of the unemployment act and the first bailout act itself, which explains things in full context. Regardless, that's not the point. You're trying to distract from your false statements with a petty squabble.
The MIS-C link above, you called "hot garbage", is from the CDC, so no, not a strawman.  Do you need one?
I'm sorry the fact you're flat out lying is not the point? You doubled and tripled down saying that there is language there that simply isn't there. Do you not see how this destroys your credibility? Just say you made a mistake and assumed what you linked was the relevant legislation, it's not that hard. Just keep digging in deeper.
Dude, you're a moron who doesn't read articles. From YOUR article:  > A worker who's been collecting unemployment insurance and is particularly vulnerable because of underlying health conditions or a compromised immune system could apply for pandemic-related aid  ...  > Those who leave work because they are looking after a relative who contracted COVID-19, or taking care of a child whose school or day care center closed because of the virus are also eligible for financial help  ...  > An employee might be able to refuse to return to work and receive benefits if the job site is unsafe  ...  > Unemployment assistance specifically pegged to the pandemic is modeled on disaster-related aid. Under those standards, suitable work can't be unusually risky to a worker's health or safety  ...  > If an employee goes back to the job and discovers the workplace isn't following protective guidelines or colleagues are contracting the virus, the worker may have what's considered "good cause" to quit.  Wow, that's a lot of things you didn't bother reading. They were all the way at the end. I know it's a lot to ask to read a full page, but there you go. Now go read the relevant sections of acts sited in my links and the rest of the picture will become clear.  EDIT: Coming full circle, my previous comment was:  "He could have quit his job and collected unemployment as he knew he was in a high-risk environment"  From above:  "Unemployment assistance specifically pegged to the pandemic is modeled on disaster-related aid. Under those standards, suitable work can't be unusually risky to a worker's health or safety"
LOL, see ya!
This will be my last response, but let's break it down. I already acknowledged that there are people who could be eligible, and the article I cited says so. This is not new information to me. The rest of the article, however, outlines how difficult it is to qualify for eligibility.   > Now go read the relevant sections of acts sited in my links and the rest of the picture will become clear.  You were adamant with me that you posted the actual relevant language. Three times you insisted. You didn't say what you posted cited the language or refered to the language, *you insisted it was right there*. I don't understand how you think you have any credibility left after lying so much. Have a great day.
First, coming full circle, my first comment was:  "He could have quit his job and collected unemployment as he knew he was in a high-risk environment"  From *your* article:  "Unemployment assistance specifically pegged to the pandemic is modeled on disaster-related aid. Under those standards, suitable work can't be unusually risky to a worker's health or safety"  I'm afraid your the one with no credibility. Regarding my source, it requires familiarity with the cited laws but contains the relevant language. That's the text being over your head, not me lying.
These are the types of things any VP would do. If you hate the administration, you might see it as nefarious.  https://www.politico.com/news/2020/05/04/joe-biden-contain-h1n1-virus-232992  Biden also claimed to have personally saved millions of lives with his work on the Ebola outbreak.
Check the date on your smoking gun leak link vs the data.  First, what a junior Congressman from AZ says is not very relevant.  If you read the article, he is talking about the contradictions in what Fauci has been saying and predicting and how they are not helpful and are making some people, possibly even you, panicked.  Remember, Fauci said masks were not useful and C-19 was nothing to worry about.
So you can compare, here is the data,your link was from June 17  https://covid19.healthdata.org/united-states-of-america  Fauci:  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/health/2020/02/17/nih-disease-official-anthony-fauci-risk-of-coronavirus-in-u-s-is-minuscule-skip-mask-and-wash-hands/4787209002/
No one said you did. Your quote: "Trump is living in fairly land, and Pence is making sure the scientist says nothing that goes against his narrative. They have had to leak important info repeatedly"  The link is some sort of slam on VP Pence.  What he is quoted as saying is backed up by the data.  I provided the data.
The article you linked to, hair on fire, as if the administration is suppressing data and the warriors on the inside have to leak out the truth, is balderdash.  The article disputes what the VP said, but what he said is backed up by the data that I provided.   So, the opposite of what you believe.
99% of the people that get the virus have no significant problems.  President Trump is right about that.  The link and child care suggestions did not need to be leaked.  The CDC was offering guidance but not directives to the states.
What is the actual %?
While that number is true, it does not reflect what most of the population will experience. It will also continue to trend down as testing is increasing and deaths are plummeting. That number is very heavily skewed by the utter mismanagement of congregate care facilities, by the states. In NC, congregate care is about 5% of the population yet have experienced 60% of the deaths.  From the link below: Congregate care: 8090 positives, 828 deaths, 10% mortality Non-congregate care: 67785 positives, 592 deaths, .009% mortality https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/outbreaks-and-clusters Easy to see who needs to be protected and who does not. So President Trump and VP Pence were right again, for most people.
It is not cherry picking, it represents what 95% of the population is experiencing (closer to reality) and what policy should be based on, while protecting the most vulnerable. The data comes directly from the state. The risk to the Health Care workers is obviously elevated, the nurse is in the 5% of deaths under 49 years old, co- morbidity likely since the brother also was sickened.  The mortality rate in NC, all cases to all deaths( 75875/1420), is actually 1.8%, so 4.4% is skewed and not a useful number, except to cause panic.  There seem to be lots of people who want the panic.

David Forbes on Twitter: Rate of COVID-19 cases still accelerating sharply in Asheville/Buncombe. 103 known cases so far in July...which started last Wednesday. Fastest weekly increases yet.

Not sure I'll ever be less pleased to be proven right than in a few weeks when hundreds of currently healthy-seeming locals are sick or worse.
Great. Just great.
"Rate of COVID-19 cases still accelerating sharply in Asheville/Buncombe. 103 known cases so far in July...which started last wednesday. Fastest weekly increases yet.  Cases spiking after county officials ended hotel restrictions, many restaurants re-opened. \#avlgov \#avlnews"    >posted by @DavidForbes   ___    media in tweet: None
https://twitter.com/MackWick/status/1280521236150353920?s=20

2020 Mountain State Fair canceled because of Covid-19

Damn, I was really hoping I could get around the whole covid thing by catching legionnaires instead
WON'T SOMEBODY THINK OF THE CARNIES?!!?
That fair is like disease city, though. Legionnaire's disease last year?
Thanks non-mask wearing assholes! Now the whole country is going to shut down again because you can't wear a piece of fucking cloth on your face!
Bc people r not wearing masks..put the freaking mask ON
Damn! And I just got healthy from my bout of Legionnaires Disease. Thanks a lot, Obama.
I thought I smelled cabbage.
Looks like I'll have to stick food on a stick myself.
Well on the bright side we don’t have to worry about some d-list political candidate getting triggered and traumatized by children with imaginary inflatable AR-15 toys and a life size cutout of President Trump... Thankfully the community doesn’t have to deal with that crisis again....
Don’t give up! You can still catch legionnaires if you just put your mind to it!
Yes, who could have predicted that hot tubs would prove to be such perfect breeding grounds for bacteria? Mind boggling, really.
NRA, too.
I've always worn a mask, but IMO that's quite a leap.
can we get a room tour?
You can't see the fair from your mom's basement. Quit lying.
Pretty sure they just had a hot tub expo there just two weekends ago. I didn't go but saw signs when I drove past.
Agreed.  The virus isn't going to magically disappear because everyone wore a mask.  Is it the right thing to do?  Yeah, I think so and I've been doing so despite having family members rambling on about "bending the knee" or whatever... \*eye-roll\* (I understand the argument against it, pleeeeeaaaaase don't feel obligated to tell me why)  Will the virus be around into the fall/this time next year?  Definitely.  The only way to completely eradicate it would be to force everyone into quarantine (no leaving the house PERIOD including emergency responders, bicycle riders, hikers, restaurant visits, grocery store visits, pharmacy visits, repairmen, etc. - COMPLETE shut down no one outside AT ALL) for a time frame of at least 2 months to allow the virus in the air/on surfaces enough time to die off (even then you'd have to worry about cross-species infection with animals as I believe dogs at one point were shown to be capable of carrying the virus as well).  Then you run into the problem with the rest of the world.  As soon as you let travelers from outside of the country back in, they're just going to bring the virus back in with them and start this whole process over again.  This is our new flu (not in symptom severity, of course, just in frequency/etc.).  Yay. :-/  The sooner we come to terms with that, the better.  I'm not saying throw caution to the wind, but I don't think "some random Karen isn't going to wear her mask so we're all going to suffer" is an entirely fair argument either.  We're all going to suffer either way, honestly.
Stunning and Brave..... Sorry I don’t subscribe to Q’s quatrains

Latest Covid-19 from NYTimes/John Hopkins Medical
&#x200B;https://preview.redd.it/wjslarm5cm951.png?width=523&format=png&auto=webp&s=e0f1f4fcd8ffc94e79806695aba298425b7540c2Note Florida is #2 and NC is last.
It’s last which is good but last place on a chart showing worlds worst outbreaks still isa not good
To quote Arrested Development "I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona"
Latest: 4 dozen Hospitals in Florida are now at full capacity in the ICUs and cannot take more patients.  4 dozen = 48 Hospitals.  Source: MSNBC
Don't forget if you survive you body may be fucked up for the rest of your life. Not worth it, wait for the vaccine in the fall.  Also medical bills suck.
Covid has official endorsed Donald Trump  https://i.redd.it/yu5l9qz96n951.jpg
True.  But god, look at all the countries with less outbreak than Arizona and Florida.
January, 2021.  When The Bloviator occupying the White House is gone.
There are no medical bills from covid.  The federal government is paying for covid treatment
Presently in NC we have for those who have received a positive test.  .02% CFR for under 18  .18% CFR for 18-49  1.47% CFR for 50-64  6.10% CFR for 65-74  18.70% CFR for 75+  1.87% CFR for all cases    If we go by recent data that implies a 25% under count in deaths as well as the 1,000% undercount in cases we would see the following....  .003% under 18  .022% 18-49  .184% 50-64  .763% 65-74  2.338% 75+  .234% for all cases
Love it!
Not saying it's any better, but these numbers are adjusted for population (showing how many thousands of new cases per million people).
Friends insurance denied paying for her test because it came up negative. She was ordered mandatory testing by her work after 3 other co-workers tested positive.
Uh, what planet do you come from?  Spend 2 weeks in an ICU, the bill will be breathtaking, I can assure you.   Mission is now For Profit.
You know... I found this reassuring for a while, looking at the CFR data.  Given my age and overall health, I figure I'm almost definitely going to survive and my main concern for the first few months was just passing it on to someone high risk before I knew I was sick and contagious.  But shit, I keep reading stories of people who get it and are sick for months, who can still barely go up stairs, and now maybe they have lasting organ damage or neurological issues?  Ugh.  I think I'm more scared of getting it now than I was before, when it seemed like the options were either A) Highly unlikely death, or B) fine in a couple of weeks.  Now we've got C), some unknown level of long-term fuckery, and nobody seems to know how common those long-term effects actually are because we're only tracking deaths.
Nowhere is charging patients for Covid tests
Easy there trollurkey, I know your first impulse if anyone disagrees with you is to lash out at the “Evil Orange Man”.   You seem to have a serious mental issue there, that you might do well to seek help for.....  If you’ll notice NC has across the board a much lower CFR for those who have a positive test.   If you would take a moment from your attempts to create a panic, you’ll notice that deaths per day have remained fairly flat since mid April despite an ever increasing reported number of infections.  This coupled with a consistent rate of positive tests indicates that there is no new massive surge of infections related to reopening the state.
What hospital is Nowhere?  I'll avoid them. If you mean no where are they changing for Covid tests, think again.  https://khn.org/news/bill-of-the-month-covid19-tests-are-free-except-when-theyre-not/
There you are again going straight to Mr. Trump.....  I doubt anyone but his most fervent supporters think he has handled this well.    Weren’t you one of those who was whinging last week about “troll” accounts, yet you seem to have nothing more relevant than insults to add to the conversation.
Incorrect there trollurkey, I posted facts, and I posted those same facts biased on the current “experts” best guesses.   I know it must be really difficult to have so little to stand on that you are reduced to insults.  Hope your day improves.

COVID-19 NC: Asheville, Buncombe cases 'rising at an alarming rate'

👏🏻PULL👏🏻YOUR👏🏻MASK👏🏻UP👏🏻OVER👏🏻YOUR👏🏻NOSE
I'm very sure that the tourists flooding our city are very much responsible for the spread. Packing into stores and restaurants like there's nothing fucking happening. Fuck these people for coming here. You're putting us in danger because our bosses want your money. Think about others, don't come to asheville, stay the fuck home, **AND WEAR YOUR FUCKING MASK PROPERLY WHEN YOU DO NONE OF THE OTHER THINGS IN THIS LIST, ASSHOLES.**
It’s no wonder.  A high percentage of people still aren’t wearing a mask out in public or properly distancing. If more people had actually tried all of that from the beginning, and cases were still rising like this, I could take anti mask wearers seriously, but they haven’t. From day one, people bucked and bitched all the way. So instead of continuing to make the same arguments, it’d be nice to see people just give it a serious try. Hell I’d be the first to admit that I was wrong if things looked the same with everyone doing it. It’s just hard to take anti-mask sentiment seriously at this point, as other nations around the world are much further along in not only case numbers and deaths, but getting their economies reopened. The difference between those countries and ours has been mask adherence and distancing. Their initial lockdowns were more strict, but while we’re still rising in numbers of people getting seriously ill and having lots of stuff closed down, they’re more smoothly returning to their lives. It makes no sense to refuse to try the one thing that we have in our arsenal right now to protect our health and the nation’s economy. Pretend there’s no mandate, because essentially there isn’t one, and tell me what there is to lose in trying. If they’re right, all it costs to prove their point is about three months or so of almost everyone wearing masks and distancing. If they’re wrong, less people get sick, less people die, and more businesses get to open and stay open instead of having to close back up due to employee infections. If something doesn’t give soon, we’re going to be more screwed than we already are.
Sarcasm cases rising at an alarming rate on this thread.
Are we ready to shut the bars down yet? How bad does it have to get?
In Buncombe county, 25-49, non-Hispanic, female, white people have the most cases. 42.9%, 70.9%, 54.8%,79.8%. The state wide cases for those classifications work out to 45%, 55%, 51%, 56% so Buncombe county is well under the average for non- Hispanic and white cases. https://www.buncombecounty.org/covid-19/coronavirus-cases-dashboard.aspx https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases
The founders of BLM have literally stated they’re  Marxists.  Go to the BLM website and you will find some very strange ideas.  For example, the abolishment of the western prescribed nuclear family.  Not to mention they refer to each other as “comrades”.  BLM the statement and BLM the organization are two separate entities.  I apologize for calling you a snowflake.  But you really should research BLM and what they truly stand for as opposed to supporting them blindly.
Cases are rising. Scary as shit. Take some comfort in the fact that death percentages are falling. Hospitalization times are falling. Hospitals nation wide are not at capacity with COVID cases. The demographic that is contracting it now is much younger. This leads to a lower number of severe cases. We’re all probably going to get this or know someone who has. If you’re under the age of 45 and don’t have any major health issues... you’re very likely going to be just fine. Don’t freak out. Be safe. Be kind.
BTW
Its because we are testing more.  40 million total tested across the country.  More tests equals more confirmed cases.
We tend to forget that the majority of habitual reddit users don’t want to return to work and don’t want to return to school. They would rather sit on their asses and collect a government paycheck. Your lack of critical thinking and having the ability to spew useless vomit from your mouths without understanding what is going on will in itself be the definition of natural selection. Reddit is Chinese CCP. This message will self destruct in 5 minutes.
Does anyone living in Asheville have common sense? Can’t wait till they start forcing you idiots to take a vaccine that’s been rushed out in a year. You act like a piece of cloth you put on your face is helping protect you from 10 nanometer particles. Half of you don’t even wash your mask and touch your face all day. Brain dead fools. If you were serious you would at least wear a n95 rated mask. You people would wear a mask for two years without ever asking why.
More tests = more cases. Pretty simple to understand.
So tomorrow is the 2 week anniversary of Coopers color of law Mandotory Face mask decree... So what does it mean if cases are still increasing? Does it mean that masks are ineffectual and this mantra of wear a mask to prevent the spread was bullshit the entire time?  Most cases show symptoms in 5 days not 2 weeks, So if new cases are still on the rise on Monday then that would mean wearing a mask is useless.... Also you didn’t mention in the article that it clearly states the overall infection in the state has remained a 9% of those tested, so they’re stating that hasn’t changed, just the increased number of people being tested has increased the new lab confirmed cases.... They state that Buncombe has only had a 2% positive test rate that “doubled” to 4%...  To the uninformed, politicians and the media manipulate the numbers and percentages to frame their narrative all the time... You can make something seem like a much larger or smaller issue depending on how you frame it.... Say you have 100,000,000 population and you want the issue to seem bigger than it actually is, then you say there are 3.5 million people who didn’t get ice cream for breakfast and we need  fix this problem now. Instead of saying 96.5% of everyone gets ice cream for breakfast.... Same with this covid nonsense they are just manipulating you with their use of words, so they say Buncombe’s numbers have “doubled” in positive cases while it has only gone from 2% to 4% because it sounds scarier which is the point....
FTA:  > Asked in a Q&A Zoom meeting with press what might be causing the recent increase, she said it was simply community spread.  > “People are getting this through interactions with household members, with co-workers, with extended family when they go and gather and don’t wear their face coverings,” she said.
'Face tank'?  I don't believe I'm familiar with that word you adorable ragamuffin.
Please explain how this could have been handled better at a federal level than it was done? You always try to shift the blame to the federal level like the democrats plan was from day one to have Trump take all the blame for the unconstitutional lockdown orders on the state level... This is the reason they tried to force Trump to use the power of the federal goverment to inflict the maximum pain on the citizens of this country by locking everything down.... People will remember it was never the federal government issuing mandates from the top down, but will remember it was their state governors who applied the unconstitutional orders through their state of emergency orders....  People won’t remember Trump forcing them to shut down their entire state or blame Trump for them not being able to buy paint, garden seeds from their local stores.... They will remember the mini tyrants like Cuomo, Newsome, Whitmer and Cooper who held their states hostage in November.... People will realize it’s people like Cooper who are driving certain businesses into bankruptcy when they can’t visit a bar, gym, go bowling or go to carowinds because the Governor is on a power trip....   You really are a special piece of trash and you know it.... Go ahead and brigade me with your 4+ different alt accounts, atleast when your pretending to be different people try to not repeat yourself with your damn near word for word attacks.... Your so awful at pretending to be different people you forget that your the only one who cares enough to remember certain insults from me awhile back I told you, where only you would still care enough to still be butthurt about....
I’m visiting Asheville for the first time this weekend. Any good places I should check out to eat?
Easy to blame the tourists just like blaming them for all the terrible driving in town. Most of the assholes I see have NC plates.  Oh yeah and they're the ones throwing litter our their car windows too, not the tourists.
Sure. That's what it is. Gotta be the tourists.   Because everybody with an Asheville zip code is being *so* much smarter.
Xenophobia
Bars have never been allowed to open, technically.
“Be just fine” and also be an agent of transmission to those who are older.
No more pregnancy tests means no more babies. That’s how fucking stupid you sound.
Hell yeah brother. 135,000 dead Americans don't mean shit. They were probably all libtard media consumers that don't hate everything like a real patriot does.  I hope you can get the "China flu" soon, so mebbe you will shut the fuck up.
Hey dipshit, [here](https://threader.app/thread/1279144399897866248) is a collection of 70 studies that say wearing a mask is not bullshit. Wear a mask and save lives.
What is the deeper level of crazy you believe? Part of the satanist zionist occupied government movement or are you a new world order believer? Maybe the david icke lizard people camp but that's the dark horse bet. I haven't dealt with QAnon in awhile maybe that is your type of unhinged! How important is the boogaloo movement in your mind? I know you have a deeply wrong and flawed world view. Just curious where you are getting it from. I can probably suss it out if you tell me what the government and medias end goals are here with the Rona scaremongering in your mind.
To "tank" something is to block it's attacks/damage... Presumably because you are, well, "tanky." That is to say, you ideally have armor, a shield, or something that makes you resemble a tank. So to "face tank' something, it means that your "shield" is your exposed and vulnerable face.
Looking at countries like Japan, South Korea, Germany, it’s obvious a coherent federal plan is key and why places like japan had so few deaths was due to mandatory mask mandates. A coherent federal plan also paves the way for less confusion and division. If you look at the numbers for places like Oklahoma, Texas and Florida it seems apparent that coopers more restrictive opening has slowed the virus(though it’s still climbing). I don’t think it’s all trumps fault, he gets blamed for governmental malfunctions that have been set in place for decades but I for one would have liked a leader at least trying to bring the country together rather than drive it further apart.
I actually can’t think of how this could have been more mishandled by the federal government. If you were trying to think of a way to perfectly fuck up the federal COVID response, it wouldn’t have been as bad as Trump has done: early denials (when we should have been getting prepared, defanging the CDC, insane mixed messaging (tweeting about the “invisible enemy”, but also calling it just “the flu”), undermining any attempt at a coordinated federal response (literally putting the onus on every governor of each individual state to decide shut down severity, but then tweeting incendiary rhetoric like “LIBERATE TEXAS”). Also, where’s the fucking leadership? George W, like him or hate him, rose to the occasion and helped unite the country after 9/11. It’s not that hard. Read some speeches and show that you care. Appoint smart people and listen to them. He hasn’t done a single thing. Where are the fucking tests? We’ve known about this virus since January and it’s July—we are supposed to be the greatest country in the world and we have a test shortage and PPE shortage for months after this virus hit. What is the coordinated plan? Is there a plan for how to defeat this? Or his plan to just avoid blame? A leader is defined by his or her response to adversity.. and Trump hasn’t even bothered to show up for the test.
Look up the way New Zealand handled it. They gave the decision making power to the scientists, and they are now at zero new cases and have been for almost a month.
Geez don’t break your arm jerking Trump off.. if the CDC wouldn’t have been defunded, we as a country, would’ve had the resources to respond more quickly. Also besides the brief blimp of recognizing covid as a threat, the president has continually down played its potential impact. Causing many of his uneducated followers to not take it seriously (ie a large portion of the south). Of course cases will rise in these regions. Not sure if you look at the rest of the world and how other countries have handled it.. But the ones that enforced mask mandates and stay at home orders early on, cut their cases drastically. No use for political conspiracy when we have data from around the world.
I'm hard of hearing so I'm having more trouble hearing what other people are saying because I've discovered I've been subconsciously been lip reading for years.  Can't do that when people have on a mask.  Nevertheless, I'd prefer they keep theirs on while I go "huh, what? could you speak up".
Lol i like this
Don't visit and stay home. If you for some reason cant manage this. Go to Zambra's, Wicked Weed, The Funkatorium, Buxton Hall and Highland brewing. You can minimize running into locals that way.
I've heard the dog park has some good food. It's free, all natural, and fresh on the ground!
Wicked Weed
The cafeteria at mission hospital.
Wear your mask please
Not sure what the downvotes are for. A good number of coworkers have been very cavalier about facemask use.
Agreed: If all the tourists are clueless and all the locals are the bastions of virtue often expressed here, the virus wouldn’t get past those selfless mask wearing hand washing citizens on the front lines in the hospitality industry and spread through the greater community. We know that the reality is that there are many mask wearing tourists and plenty of clueless locals. The latter plainly seen in places tourists aren’t as likely to go such as Lowe’s and other hardware stores, automotive repair shops, walmart, etc. Those locals also eat out and go to bars.  Edit, opening affirmation
What an asinine thing to say.   Sometimes people are willing to take risks to fight for others. Mind you, pretty much everyone there wears a mask, too. Which is why we haven't seen a notable increase in cases among those crowds around the country.   People out at restaurants are willing to take risks to make others serve them. And no one in the restaurant wears a mask. Except for the underpaid wait staff kicked off unemployment because Republicans decided they could score political points and get richer if they got people to disbelieve there was a virus and get them to believe wearing a mask is a liberal ploy to destroy their freedoms. And look at that, we saw way more cases among the re-open crowds protesting masks and social distancing.  Crazy how that works.  I love that you think police brutality doesn't exist, though. It's very cute. It's stupid, but that's what makes it so adorable.
I do appreciate this joke.  If it's not a joke, though, it's pretty silly.
I'm done with the semantic technicalities. If you think the Funkatorium is not a bar with its positive Covid tests and live music then you are sorely mistaken. It's just too bad that Budweiser gets to make money while locally owned places like the Grey Eagle and Little Jumbo are shuttered. Which do you think would be better at managing Covid requirments?
Don’t visit those in high risk groups and self quarantine  if you are in a high risk group. Wear a mask and social distance. I thought this would be pretty obvious... considering we’re all reading/watching the news... and we know that it can be transmitted pretty easily... so I tried not to be condescending and just wrote “be safe”.
Another low IQ person. How do you identify a positive Covid case? You test. More available tests = more people being tested = more cases. Logic is hard isn’t it?
Let’s do some rough math... 3,000,000 cases 135,000 deaths = roughly 3.625% death rate which includes people that were already on the tettertotter of life.... Not including all the “asymptotic” cases which would push the death rate even much lower somewhere around .05% of people in the most vulnerable cataglories. While also not including that they have been including “probable” deaths as well, which in a nutshell means not confirmed deaths just a guesstimate that they died of bullwuflu.... Your more likely to die in a car wreck on any given day, so to prevent this you should only ride the bus while also having a portable defibrillator with you at all times... You should also stop swimming in fresh water in the rare chance you contract a brain eating amoeba that swims up your nose and eats your brain.... Don’t forget about a rare aneurism that all of a sudden you see red, then you die... Or even a random stroke and your dead, or the off chance you choke on your bbq tempeh and die right then and there while your fighting climate change from unsustainable farming practices....  Edited
Thanks kind stranger!
The cases keep rising... that’s the point, tomorrow (today) will have been 2 weeks since the mask mandate has gone into effect in NC which means either the number of new cases should rapidly and dramatically decline in the next week or the mask stuff was meaningless and pointless.... Because way more people than not have been adhearing to wearing masks, it’s suspicious that in the last couple days there has been an alvalanche of stories in local and state media saying how masks have been turned into a political issue, when it’s really been 90% of people wearing masks inside stores. They’re laying the ground work so next week they can report the new cases can be traced back to people refusing to wear the masks, when there has been 90% compliance with the mask mandate in NC....  These media organizations are already making excuses in advance which will be cited next week as to why the new number of confirmed cases remains the same or increases will be blamed on people who’re refusing to wear masks for political reasons.... Instead of it being obvious the masks aren’t working even with 90% compliance.... Just watch it’s as predictable as saying the sun will rise in the east sky and set in the west sky tomorrow
The line goes out the door every night. Seriously.
"clueless locals" would be almost forgivable but I ascribe much more of it to mean-spiritedness and spite.
It’s is incredibly hypocritical for these radical leftist politicians to arbitrarily switch the danger of COVID on and off as they see fit.  I wonder how many people of color are going to die from COVID due to these riots?  Will the radical Marxist organization BLM care about those black lives?    To say there is an epidemic of racist police officers murdering innocent black men is factually false.  2019 saw 9 unarmed black men shot by police and 19 unarmed whites.  This was also a higher percentage if you look at the number of interactions with police.  Also, a Harvard study from about three years ago found cops were more hesitant to use deadly force on a black person than a white person.  Ergo, it is objectively true that you are more likely to die at the hands of police if you are white.  Facts don’t care about your feelings, snowflake.
Can't decide if it's a joke or not, it is true though.
Yeah I 100% agree. I think it's a stupid technicality.
Tourist in town and have to agree. Sitting in my car across the street from Wicked Weed while my wife grabbed groceries at the co-op, I could not believe the lines to get into WW. Imagine taking that risk to give your money to Budweiser?
Low risk individuals also need to wear a mask and social distance because while they may not get seriously ill, they don’t have the “freedom” to project their infection to others. The at risk also have the right to safely Co-exist.   When the at risk person wears a mask it does not protect them. It protects YOU. When you wear a Mask it is to protect others. That has been explained ad nasueam everywhere , you choose to ignore that fact. The exception is the n95 mask which we’ve also been told need to be reserved for front line health care workers. They remain in short supply.
So we should test more, right? Expose all of the cases out there? Right?
Let me counter your argument with the opposite. Texas has a 500 percent increase in pneumonia deaths. That's just a coincidence right? Nothing to do with covid complications. So that's 4000 deaths in Texas that weren't counted as coco's right there.  But that's just "fake news" and the CDC just pushing a narrative right?
Yeah they’re definitely rising and you’re right even if not everyone is wearing masks it’s more folks than it has been and I think the more strict rules here are why the rise isn’t as precipitous as Florida . I don’t know enough about why countries like Japan had lower number of cases and why ours aren’t lower here.     The protests here as well as a lot of other factors in socializing such as the effects of restaurants, beach parties, and general social patterns of different populations, etc, would need to be taken into account and it gets complicated if you really want to get into the details.     I understand the frustration with lockdown, with some of the rules being arbitrary (still can’t go to my ptsd group but I can buy allllllll the alcohol I want and go to a restaurant but not a bar ) as well as not well thought out (you can’t just force people to close and not really address the financial hardships) so I think if you have rules they need to be scientific, not just political power plays. I for one believe in masks but yeah, it’s more complex and on top of all this I’m not sure at this point if there was a scientific consensus on exactly what should be locked down or restricted at this point if US citizens would follow the rules.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2020/05/28/police-shootings-black-americans-disproportionately-affected-infographic/  https://news.umich.edu/police-sixth-leading-cause-of-death-for-young-black-men/  https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/killed-police-black-men-likely-white-men/  https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/investigations/police-shootings-database/
It's not true. It's a false equivalence. You're saying because xenophobes want to keep people, "others," out, and the fact that I'm advocating for people to stay home to stem the spread of a deadly virus, then that makes my statement xenophobic. But that's just incredibly simplistic thinking that doesn't even make sense.  If an abuser makes their abused spouse stay in the house, and a judge sentences a person to house arrest, that doesn't make the judge an abuser. Because that thinking is ludicrous.
Yes... everyone should wear masks... and?
Yes now that there are enough cases to start testing everyone that wants one, you will see a rise in positive cases. At first there was not enough cases so they were only testing people with symptoms. Also the cdc released guidelines on probable cases which means you don’t need to even test a person to report it as a positive case. Ask yourself a question if the masks work why are we still shutdown?
Lulwut?
These articles assume that all deaths at the hands of police are unjustified.  Do you think factors like committing crimes, and resisting arrest influence police use of deadly force?    For example, the Washington Post article doesn’t take into account these circumstances.  It merely states that “black Americans are far more likely to get killed than white Americans”.  Ok, but black men comprise only 6-7 percent of the population but commit over 50% of murders (usually other black men).  I would say that murdering other people and resisting arrest are going to substantially increase your chances of getting killed by cops.  Show me the quantity of black men who were obeying the law, minding their own business, and not resisting arrest who were killed.  I would guess it’s less than 10 a year.
Everyone isn’t. Those who don’t think their “right” supersedes all others  Edit: spell
Because not enough people are wearing them. That’s not really a question that needs to be answered
Well that's kind of the point. We don't know. Police regularly scrub their records, the unions and their fellow officers cover for them, they finagle reports to appear more favorable, they plant evidence, and most importantly, we don't have records to rely on. The only records are from the journalists that started tracking every article written or story published. There is no national database.  Not to mention, the killings are only a part of a larger piece of the puzzle. We aren't calling for defunding the police because of the people killed alone. It's just the most visible, and it's the most obvious sign that there is a problem. Especially when there are rarely repercussions, even when we watch it happen on video. There are so many issues with police accountability that need attention, and the easiest to rally people around is something so egregious as murder in broad daylight while people scream for you to stop. And then when it comes out the police lied about the circumstances, it shows another layer of the issue. And it goes all the way up, and all over the country. So minimizing the deaths is only an attempt to paint one aspect of the fight as ridiculous.  > Do you think factors like committing crimes, and resisting arrest influence police use of deadly force?   I do. Because of the mindset being beaten into these cops' heads, that they are hunters and soldiers, and you beef up their role, play death metal over videos passed around cop circles, showing them as action heroes, create a culture of toughness that they then take any sleight against their authority over every person they talk to as an attack on the ego, and you get the predictable result of armed bullies flexing their power at every opportunity.  Those factors shouldn't influence police use of deadly force, though, because running away or otherwise trying to get away don't give anyone reason to fucking kill you. Do you think the fact that someone committed a crime justifies an unelected person without any qualifications to determine a person's worth or any sense of their personal history to decide whether or not they get to live or die?   When police are dealing with people, they see them as the criminals for the crime they just committed, not as people with lives and families. They see them as basically nothing more than a potential threat, and they are ready to kill at a moment's notice. And I'm not saying that's never the case. But that gets into a whole different conversation about guns.  Which, again, though, circles back around to the defunding conversation. If you send armed officers into every single situation, whether the chances of that situation devolving into violence are near zero or are 80-99%, you are automatically putting people trained to be ready to kill into a situation without much risk for violence *until* the guns entered the scene on the hip of the cop.  > Show me the quantity of black men who were obeying the law, minding their own business, and not resisting arrest who were killed.  I would guess it’s less than 10 a year.  Show me justifications for killing someone who wasn't obeying the law, who wasn't minding their own business, and who was resisting arrest. Because last I checked, we had a system of laws in the country that doesn't determine any of those things in the list to be punishable by death. Not even by a long shot. Some of them aren't even crimes, and the ones that aren't are often misdemeanors.
Right. So social distance if possible... do your best. Don’t freak out. Stay away from  high risk people. Covid is here. I’m up to date on stats. You don’t need to educate me. Covid Is not as bad as we thought it was going to be. Which is good. Because it’ll be here for a while. Do your best to navigate the world. Don’t have a meltdown. That’s all I’m trying to say.
So you think the recent spike in covid 19 cases in North Carolina is due to the few people not wearing masks? Think again that idea makes 0 sense. It could be possible that they (Marxist’s) don’t want the economy and schools to open back up. Whatever is coming, when it comes it will come so fast it will be irreversible because people are naive and just trust everything they watch and read without asking questions. Ask yourself this it’s been 6 months now and we still don’t even know if we can catch covid-19 twice. Then they said don’t wear masks during the peak into now wear masks. They said  hydroxychloroquine didn’t work now it does? Protesting is ok but you can’t go to church. You can protest but can’t have a funeral for a loved one. No large gatherings but we can have one to paint a mural on the street in downtown New York City. Turn on the logic switch.
I’ll just leave you with this and hope you can comprehend it.  I’m done as one cannot reason with the religion of woke.     https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/the-myth-of-systemic-police-racism-11591119883
No meltdown here just annoyance with the entitlement attitude from those who think its their right to engage in infectious behavior.   Your responses are a veiled attempt to justify not wearing masks  Me staying away from the high risk doesn’t do anything for the high risk person who must go out in public to get food, get medical treatment, etc. many have young children to take care of- not all are old.   Your freedom does not include infringing on the health of the community. Additionally you do not have any constitutional right to enter a private business. If they choose to deny the entry of a maskless individual they have every right to do so. Trouble is, those maskless chuckleheads think they have that right and end up trying to force their way in, get in others faces and throw a tantrum. They aren’t constitutionalists, they’re toddlers.   No shirt no shoes no mask no service.
I hope you can learn to interact with people—especially people you disagree with—in an adult way.   Don't ask questions and write off the answers because you don't like and/or can't negate them.
That's not at all how I read their posts...  I don't think that person ever said masks weren't effective or not to wear them, just that people should be smart and also self isolate if they're high risk and stay away from people who are high risk.  Why argue with that?
Reading this does come across as a meltdown. Hopefully you're actually staying calm and doing well.  When I have been out there are many many people wearing masks and it seems like more are every day.   Yes, in a perfect world everyone would be strictly masked, but you can't control everyone. Worry about what you can control, and if you feel the need to say something to someone you see unmasked then do so kindly. If that makes you too nervous then keep your distance and contact the management of whatever location your in.   I know there are lots of videos out there of people refusing to wear masks when asked, but remember that the videos we end up seeing are worst case scenario. I've been to at least a few places where the staff asked someone entering the business to please wear a mask, and in every single situation the person complied without an issue.
I think you are reaching.  I sure didn't read it that way.  Wow.   I would also like to add that an alarming amount of people have asthma, and therefore, cannot wear a mask.  So if you are out judging people, and we all know you are, who are not wearing a mask, what does that day about you?  You cannot look at someone and SEE if they have a medical condition that prevents them from wearing a mask.  I think people, for the most part, are doing a great job wearing the mask.  Like someone else said, if the mask are working, we will know by next week.
What exactly are you talking about? Don’t put words in my mouth. I wear a mask every single day at work and have one at the ready at all times. I’ve said multiple times in this exact thread that mask wearing and social distancing are extremely important... and that we should use them... you fucking drama queen.
I’m guessing you a mouth breather neck beard  basement dweller go take a shower and brush your damn teeth for once.
I can’t debate like an adult.  Hilarious.  The left literally cancels anyone who doesn’t conform to their orthodoxy.    Stating simple facts like “there aren’t 86 genders” and “black on black crime is a significantly greater threat to black lives than the police” will leave your average leftists crying like a 4 year old.
Some people like to straw man other people on the internet... some are freaking out about a scary situation instead of trying to be cool calm and collected. you are correct. at no point did I argue against masks. At no point did I argue against social distancing. I’m not an idiot. Seems like some folks like to fight about nothing. With everyone cooped up they can’t do their normal hobbies. So they troll people. Oh well.
The discussion was about keeping transmission down. If you read the entire thread you’ll see the poster plainly sidesteps recognition of the effectiveness of masks and Suggests masks aren’t necessary unless you are high risk and Choosing to point out that healthy younger people won’t likely get that sick and so it’s not a big deal.  Those healthy young people are the fastest growing segment of positives and spreaders. Not hanging out with your elderly parents or with your diabetic aunt is a no brainer. So is wearing a mask.
Thanks. Definitely not what I meant. And definitely not what I wrote.
So I'm referring to your manner in this discussion, and you are just painting a caricature of "leftists." I can sit here and have a discussion with you, and it literally seems like the conversation is an afterthought  to fill in space between opportunities to drop the word "snowflake" and say things like "BLM is a radical Marxist organization," seemingly got no other reason than to try to bait me into a rage. But you don't understand that I don't care how you feel about millions of people you're describing as if they are one cohesive entity.
I apologize for the snowflake comment.  The founders of BLM have stated they are Marxists.  Go to the website and you will find language like “comrades” and the fact that they want to abolish the western prescribed nuclear family.  BLM as a statement and BLM as and organization stand for different things.  You should research this as opposed to offering blond support.
So I had never looked at their website, but I just did to read what you're talking about.  > We disrupt the Western-prescribed nuclear family structure requirement by supporting each other as extended families and “villages” that collectively care for one another, especially our children, to the degree that mothers, parents, and children are comfortable.  The family thing. All they are saying here is that they are attempting to disrupt the idea that reliance on the nuclear family is all people have. That they are offering support from outside of that existing structure and fostering a sense of community in order to make strict reliance on only one's nuclear family only one aspect of their support system. In the US, there isn't much a sense of this "village" environment, where the tight knit community is just as much a part of your life as family. This is common in places outside of the US.  And about the use of "comrades," I don't see this as an issue. I didn't see them state that they are Marxists, but I don't take issue with that if they did. They aren't establishing BLM as a Marxist organization. I know socialists, Marxists, capitalists, anarchists, Trotskyites, neoliberals, libertarians, liberals, Republicans, I literally have a friend who is a hardcore conspiracy theorist and honestly believes the moon is just a projection that occasionally "breaks down" and his phone is chock-full of thousands of pictures of it, trying to catch those moments (I don't know what "-ism" he and his girlfriend who's on board with him would fall under)...so someone subscribing to Marxism doesn't really throw me. I don't think there is anything wrong with the ideals of it, however, I don't think it works in practice. We live in a time of infinite information, and I like to see and talk to people who believe in things I don't subscribe to.  I know the term Marxism is scary for people whose ideologies include following a lot of people that claim Marxism is akin to terrorism or sharia law, but every Marxist I know just wants better lives for people who are left behind in our current capitalist structure.  I don't consider my support for BLM to be blond, because I think it's more of a brunette (just a joke to lighten the mood). But really, I support BLM for the work they are doing. They are organizing, which is something I think everyone needs to do more of in this country, because we are currently living under the rule of the minority. The ultra wealthy wield unbelievable power in this country, and it's only antidote is grassroots action to exercise our power as the true majority. Community needs to be strengthened, regardless of the differences in our beliefs. You and I obviously run in different circles and believe different things, but I bet there are big idea things we agree on. We are pitted against each other while elites play the game, and we are left squabbling over the crumbs. We are more allies to each other than we believe, because we both want what's best for us and for those we believe deserve it. Our interests aren't the same as those who live lives we will never live. Our station in this country is diminishing, and it's because we fight like enemies while powerful people deal in back rooms and under cover of money and privilege. I'm sure there's something there you can agree with, especially if you are a trump supporter.  He won support by running to the left of Clinton. Now, I believe he was lying, and you probably disagree, but the point is, there are ideas that his followers believe, like corruption in Washington and special interests, that we on the left believe too. We see the culprits differently, but we are also being fed opposing information. I think it would be interesting to see how many things we can agree on. We disagree on BLM, but that's one issue. What do you think, I'm curious to hear your response.
/u/imamess2 so I've actually seen the "BLM=Marxist radicals" thing thrown around a lot in the past couple days, but you're the first one that brought it up. I'm interested to see some of the sources you guys are getting this from, I'm sure there are a few articles you can share?  I am honestly interested in having this chat with you. I think we could both learn a lot about how to make amends between our two camps if we can find the common ground between us. I hope you'll get back to me on the questions I've asked, for real.

Mission Hospital nurses call for staffing increase as COVID-19 numbers rise

Gee I dunno, do we believe the workers at the hospital, or do we believe HCA healthcare, who just received $1billion dollars in bailout money and is actively trying to keep those employees from unionizing?
Why anyone would for a for profit healthcare facility is beyond me.... you’re constantly work more for less; while all the money goes straight to the suits.... I worked for a navy hospital (socialized medicine; yup what we provide for our nations heroes) yet demonize it for the rest of us, cuz republican politicians are whores who lobby for the suits
I can tell you I just worked a shift in the ER and it was fucking brutal .  Nurses are staffed at a bare minimum and CNAs are at abt half what we need.  Phlebotomy is at a way lower level than they used to be , which eats up RN time.    I felt dangerous and unsafe all shift .  My pts received substandard care yet I got no lunch break and never stopped moving all day.
What about fatalities. Are those rising in accordance with the new cases?
Don't forget that mission is run to make a profit and the CEO makes a multi-million dollar salary.   It's a fucking joke that we taxpayers spent a billion dollars to bail out this company and didn't get an equity stake.
Corpsman that used to work at Naval Hospital Portsmouth here. That care you provided was an earned benefit to service members and their families. You give everyone access to that same care it will bog down the system immensely and turn the healthcare industry into pre veterans choice VA care (criminally terrible). No thank you.   Regulations and taxes need to be further slashed for companies that provide healthcare to their employees so that deductions decrease. That’s how we provide excellent healthcare for all.
So, no BUT one of the reasons deaths have gone down is because hospitals here are not inundated. As soon as they are stressed for beds and staff- we will see poor patient outcomes. So it’s wise to adhere to strict nurse:patient ratios and cut elective services to decompress to hospital. (Neither of which is appealing to HCA). Another is that there is an uptick in young people infected and their bodies are more capable of fighting the illness. Likely because young folks work service industry and other blue collar jobs where social distancing is nearly impossible. this population also can not afford to miss more days of work nor have the option to work remotely, so were the firsts back to work.
This is not your Dad's Mission Hospital.
So... “socialized medicine” should only be available as a “benefit”; otherwise it’ll “bog down” our system??? And... our current system isnt a complete disaster? Best in the world; where 20% of those in desperate need either die or go bankrupt due to the inability to attain services or necessary meds? Little background on me; duel citizen 🇨🇦/🇺🇸; who grew up on the Canadian singlepayor system. Then served as a navy CORPSMAN, hence both utilized and served in socialized medicine...worked in a for profit US system, and currently uses the VA. I (w/out question) am very aware of which systems are better and im NOT buying the conservative “tagline” that’s funded by the insurance lobby that funds their campaigns. Been there and done it all
lolol, you think that working for 20 years "earns" you a lifetime of socialized medicine? In the real world, your benefits end with your last day of employment.   Anyway, as a taxpayer subsidizing your insurance, I do want everyone to have access to a similar benefit. My employer and I pay a shitload of money for my insurance and that cash should be redirected to a national healthcare system that is modelled after the systems other countries have that achieve better results than the US.
Hospitals haven't been over run from the start in this country.
Trickle down has never been mathematically substantiated that I have seen and, I've looked hard. At this point trickle down is roughly as valid as basing economic policy on astrology.
Aside from the places where they were overrun, like NYC.
[And Florida ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna1233428) right now.
No they weren't. Are you trying to gaslight people?
And parts of Texas.
Absolutely not, visit r/medicine to read first hand accounts of how overworked the system and providers have been all along.  I want to point out that hospital resources and the ability to provide safe care with decent patient outcomes is compromised long before they “run out of beds”. They can avoid turning patients away by converting procedural or general units to COVID/ICU beds and increasing nurse:patient and MD:patient ratios but that does not mean they will be taken care of by intensivists/“ICU Certified” MDs and highly trained ICU RNs, nor does it guarantee the supplies and time needed to properly deliver care. Healthcare workers are remarkably flexible and determined- but really we have just been putting out sporadic fires since January. So like the death toll, hospital capacity is misleading.
Do... you know what gaslighting is?
You're arguing with a miserable troll. Don't give the asshole the attention it craves.
Source for over run hospitals you gas lighting fuck. Give me a fucking source.  lying fuck.     Freedom of speech was a fucking mistake.
[Ok](https://www.cnn.com/2020/03/30/us/brooklyn-hospital-coronavirus-patients-deaths/index.html)
At capacity ≠ over capacity.    Read your source, no where in it did it say the hospital was over capacity, it said it was at capacity.  It didn't even say they were turning people away.   https://news.usni.org/2020/04/27/hospital-ship-comfort-ends-nyc-covid-19-mission-after-treating-182-patients  The hospital ship that got set to NY didn't even have 200 patients.
>Already, the hospital has started to open up floors that have not been in use for years to make room for more patient beds, Mollette said. The hospital has also converted its pediatric emergency department into a Covid-19 isolation area, she added.      They had to convert their pediatric emergency department to a COVID-19 isolation area. You don't do something like that if you're not having difficulty handling the influx of patients.
You don't only use 200 beds out of a 1000 if everything else is over run. I'm not saying the hospitals weren't working hard but they weren't overrun.

Asheville's becoming a popular spot for home-buyers escaping COVID-19 hot zones | WLOS

So the price of buying, and probably renting, a home in this area is going to continue to increase, in a location whereby the main economic machine of tourism is completely crippled for the foreseeable future. We are truly living in ridiculous times.
Great. Buyers who don't even look at the properties.  Here we go kids.  Glitter Gulch, here we come.
I sold my house in 10 days. Sight unseen.
What happens when the rich have no one to serve them, because the "essential workers" cannot afford to live here. These are people going back and forth from hot spots to not so hot spots and passing the virus around.
 😢
Excellent news for those interested in selling.
Lake Tahoe in California is an interesting example of a hyper-tourism economy that manages to hide the reality behind a facade. It’s doable but it’s a two-season economy: winter ski resorts and summer rafting guides.   It’s impossible to live around the loop so all the locals actually live in places like Reno and small pockets in Truckee and commute in.   What’s happened is the seasonal workers bounce between New Zealand and Lake Tahoe. They’ll work the lifts literally year-round because the COL is insanely high in either market but the jobs are still in demand.
It’s all relative
What's glitter gulch
That’s been going on florida for about 100 years
Interesting. What neighborhood
We take their homes.
And the other owners who just want to stay in the home they bought years ago see their taxes go up and up.
Asheville tourism used to be "two seasons" - summer (June-August) and leaf season (three weeks in September/October).  Now, other than a brief dip when kids go back to school and some downtime in February, we are pretty damn close to year round.  Our "surrounding areas" are becoming over priced too.  It's a clusterfudge.
A defunct strip club in Las Vegas.  Seriously though, I believe it's a reference to areas where high-end boutiques and restaurants are the dominant feature while humbler, folksy businesses no longer exist. First example I ever saw referred to as a "Glitter Gulch" was Aspen, Colorado. I have a friend who is an economist and they use the term with a negative connotation that suggests decay as well as high prices. After installing tons of overpriced stores and driving commercial real estate value into a bubble, many stores become vacant or filled with crappy box-chains like Jared's. Then the local economy relies on faux-wealthy tourists to while away their credit card debt shopping and staying in aging hotels while the actual rich trendsetters begin exploiting the next once-cute, once-little town.
Aspen (HST saw it coming in '67), Bozeman, Moab, Boulder.  Hollow tusks of what they used to be, forever changed by money from other places.
The tax situation is quite unfortunate... it has priced many out of homes they own.  It should not be possible... and it would be an issue worth addressing.  If this civilization can ever get itself out of mass hysteria, perhaps it will be possible.
Asheville made this top 10 list? wow. I wouldn't have guessed
This is pretty sick because it's exactly what I'm seeing.
Taos.
Asheville and NC are two very different things. Asheville is doing surprisingly well considering the tourism. This is likely due to Asheville being a pretty liberal town (as unfortunate as it may be for politics to play a role). More people wear masks here than in other areas in NC. Compare Asheville with Charleston, SC, which is also a tourist town and is experiencing a covid outbreak.
If locals are vigilant, it is how it works. That is what is happening in Asheville *despite* the tourism, which is very much here and has been. Again, compare Asheville with Charleston, SC. A virus needs to spread quickly to subsist.
You’re really comparing covid to HIV?
The part of your post where you referenced HIV is the part of your reply I’m referencing. Obviously I was referring to covid. You think you’re clever and I think that is a good thing. The point remains that Asheville is doing quite well considering the tourism flow and that is attributable to the people who live here.

Confirmed COVID-19 case at Whole Foods
I don't know if companies really are sharing this stuff, but a worker at WF tested positive for COVID-19. They have been very diligent compared to places like Ingles so we'll see how much it spreads.Edit: downtown store
It’s probably smart at this point to assume that at least one person at every open business or service either has COVID or has been exposed to it.
I work for Whole Foods and you’d be shocked and disgusted to know just how many TMs have confirmed diagnoses but if we speak about it to the public or news we will be fired.
Based on the new modeling Georgia Tech's biotech department released, in Buncombe County, if you have a gathering of 100 people, there's a 45% chance one of them has COVID.  Really we should be surprised it's so few front line employees.
Downtown or East Asheville?
It’s going to happen, even at the places that are taking major precautions. Between asymptomatic transmission, not being able to control employees out of work behavior, and customers not complying with correct mask regulations,  people are going to test positive at a lot of businesses as case numbers grow.   It won’t always be the businesses fault. I spoke to an employee of a local restaurant who had a positive case who told me it was all but confirmed that the employee wasn’t taking the virus seriously, and not complying with mask wearing in his personal life. It’s sad, but it’s the reality we’re living in  Edit: I promise I’m not trying to spread rumors or anything by being vague, I just don’t want to reveal where I work or where the person I talked to work, as they have nothing to do with the person who tested positive. The place closed for a long period after the confirmed case, they handled it well.
Unless you spent several minutes within six feet of that employee without a mask, you're probably OK.    Here's a [really handy Covid-19 risk calculator](https://19andme.covid19.mathematica.org/?fbclid=IwAR1FJ72O9aHmtWxLV2Dj-cJC1JVAwnuIElhFGyLaXXFLmCetGmLKa3aqvTk), if you wear a mask, social distance, avoid long interactions with people you don't know, only interact (close, no mask) with people who do the same, you really haven't got reason to fear getting this virus.
I agree.
Can you say which one you work for? This is the first I've heard at the downtown store. Feel free to PM
What are TMs?
I doubt that they will do that at all.  I believe the employee who tested positive gets two weeks paid time off which does not change their PTO accrual.  The employees exposed to the infected are back at work already.
It is unlikely the virus lasts on surfaces for more than a few hours, so a deep clean will be cosmetic window dressing.  Contact tracing means that the Buncombe County Health Department will suggest anyone who had direct contact with the positive test should be tested and quarantine for fourteen days from contact.  Source: happened to me, tested negative
Paid time off ROFL. Essential workers come to find out are the least essential to keep healthy dont ya know
We just checked this and Buncombe actually has a 70% risk factor.   Super interesting model. Thank you for sharing it.
Downtown, sorry I didn't clarify. I edited the post
Unfortunately my partner works in the same department. They only overlap their schedules by about an hour to two hours, but still with in the same area.   We are both going to get tested. I went today and she's going tomorrow.
All I can say is that I’m not from the downtown store, I’d rather keep a tad bit of anonymity. But Whole Foods, if there’s a confirmed case, will not shut down if a TM has tested positive, all they do is have a 3rd party cleaning service come in and “deep clean” over night while no one is in the store so we don’t actually know what they do. We don’t even get to know as TMs who the sick TM is or what department they’re in or anything. Pretty disturbing. But this is why you absolutely should wear a mask at the minimum when you go to the grocery store (wether or not it’s Whole Foods). There’s no way they can 100% sanitize everything and I can promise you sick people have touched the products people are buying. Just be smart and safe when going out, mask up and wash your hands before/immediately after going to the stores and you’ll probably be fine.
TMs are team members
Lots of sources say the virus is still viable for 3 days on surfaces. Some have even said 7
Oh you're right. My figure was for 50 people.
https://covid19risk.biosci.gatech.edu/
It sounds like they don't interact at all, that's good.  Fingers crossed, let us know how things turn out!
Yeah I'm very comfortable about my own practices, but my partner and I have definitely assumed at some point she'll minimally be in contact and likely get it as an "essential worker".
These capitalist systems work really well don't they?
Tons of people will be looking for work after the extra $600 in unemployment in a couple weeks. Good news, you may not be understaffed. Bad news, it’ll be a bunch of people who are kinda upset about being back at work, and new at the job
I have seen no numbers like that. Hours not days.  Up to 48. Would love to see links.  At any rate, a "deep clean" is redundant if you quarantine and close for two weeks.
Yes, a few hours.  That's my understanding.  My point is that it is more of a "feel good" move.  It is very unlikely that it survived for 12+ hours while a store is closed, much less for ten days of quarantine closure.
Even if that's the case, the sequence of events that need to occur just right to lead to someone contracting the virus from touching a surface are unlikely enough to be no concern at all.  Someone infected needs to cough/sneeze without a mask on to a surface, if they do so through a mask, or do so into their hands and then touch a surface, the viral load is greatly decreased, also, we still don't know if you need to by symptomatic to spread, or how symptomatic you need to be, or how long you need to have been infected...  Then an uninfected person needs to touch that surface... then they need to touch their face and get the particles into their nose, and they need to have transferred enough particles so that the viral load can start copying itself, and then you are infected.  What are the odds of any given person contracting the virus this way?  I have not seen any studies that claim it can stay in the air for hours.  The water droplets you emit when you sneeze, cough or talk are large and heavy and fall to the ground, but not before exposure to the elements likely kills the virus.  This is why the main way scientists say people are getting is from prolonged person to person contact, such as through conversation where there is a greater likelihood an infected persons droplets will be emitted close enough to the other person's nose and inhaled.
[7 days on masks](https://bgr.com/2020/04/06/coronavirus-tips-how-long-does-covid-19-survive-on-face-masks/#)    [3 days on surfaces](https://www.nih.gov/news-events/nih-research-matters/study-suggests-new-coronavirus-may-remain-surfaces-days)
These are old studies where they were finding RNA.  I think it's mostly been found that the RNA can be found for a while but the newest information shows that the RNA is not viable virus particle.    " Despite consistent evidence as to SARS-CoV-2 contamination of surfaces and the survival of the virus on certain surfaces, there are no specific reports which have directly demonstrated fomite transmission."    This article does go on to say it could be possible.  But a very low probability.  Seems like one would have to directly sneeze or cough on a fomite and then have it end up in your mucus membranes.    [https://www.who.int/news-room/commentaries/detail/transmission-of-sars-cov-2-implications-for-infection-prevention-precautions](https://www.who.int/news-room/commentaries/detail/transmission-of-sars-cov-2-implications-for-infection-prevention-precautions)
So, a deep clean of surfaces is a cosmetic fix if you are being responsible and shutting down for a quarantine
I was presupposing that they would, as it is the responsible thing.  IF they did that, the clean would be redundant.  No reason not to be triple safe with everything, but all the evidence shows that airborne is where the virus is spread the most.  Distance, mask.  But also clean.  Stay home if you are sick, or have been exposed.  Follow guidelines.
Thanks for the info.   I just grabbed the first ones I could find, I’m tired.

So far both Whole Foods and Harris Teeter have had employees test positive for Covid-19. Might be common knowledge but just in case you aren’t aware.

If you think Ingles hasn't had any positive workers, you're fooling yourself.
Based on the new modeling Georgia Tech's biotech department released, in Buncombe County, if you have a gathering of 100 people, there's a 45% chance one of them has COVID.  Really we should be surprised it's so few front line employees.
anyone care to start a sticky that keeps a list of places with confirmed employee cases?
I totally appreciate the fact that companies willfully hide negative information to protect their business.   But the other dynamic at play are hippa laws and employees rights.  An employer can’t broadcast/ discuss an employee’s specific medical history.  To me it’s another example of the failure of our Federal government to have a national response.   I feel businesses are caught between contradicting laws and regulations.  Normally with food borne illness or contamination the local Health Department, CDC, USDA and FDA coordinate detailed tracing and public announcements specific to local businesses.  That doesn’t seem to be happening at all.
Totally true. My roommate works for whole foods and he said the same thing.
The hard truth here is in “tourist” cities these big companies value the work and not the worker as evidenced by said companies hushing positive tests and trying to keep that knowledge withheld. Still wanna open back up? Be my guest, however thinking we should be fully open again is only adding to the problem... each day is a new high for cases... be smart and value others.
I think it would be pretty naive to think that any grocery store (or other big box retailer like Lowe’s or Dicks) is going to be able to keep their employee’s COVID-free. Even if the store and its employees practiced perfect preventative measures, with the amount of traffic these stores see on a daily basis it would be impossible to keep everyone safe.   The best you can do as a customer is to visit these places as infrequently as possible, and, of course, wear a mask.
Damn people stay home if you can. I got recalled 4 weeks ago and it sucks.
Word is, target off of Tunnel road has a positive case also
I know at least two Lowe's here have had cases.
You got hazard pay?? What’s that like?
I didn't even know we had a Hairless Peter in town.   Of course, I don't get out much.   *You've not been to Scandal's lately, have you, sailor?*
And someone’s Facebook story is your source?
Earth Fare for life <3
Fair enough.
What I love is how it’s the 2 stores you people have been promoting and praising on here incessantly.... How many of you will be going to ground zero for infected people at the Buncombe testing sites tomorrow?
And? It’s just a cold. And sometimes the cold kills old sick or fat people. Welcome to earth. Now get back to living life instead of living in fear.
Or Walmart... or really anywhere in town.  Sadly the front line workers aren’t being encouraged to even get tested.  It’s going to be an ugly July
I overheard a manager at the Merrimon Ingles openly discussing an employee's symptoms with another employee on the sales floor.  This was several months ago.  I'm certain that many, many Ingles employees have spread it to one another.
Definitely figured there are a lot more cases in every store. I wish they’d publicize it and also give workers continuous hazard pay I mean damn.
Confirmed Swingles employee has tested positive.
Great, I just photographed a 100 person wedding on Saturday (for a couple of MDs) and I have another one on the 18th. I wore a mask the whole time, but only 3 or 4 people kept theirs on through the reception.
I proposed this in another thread. 100% support this idea. We need to look after each other since obviously the businesses and other powers that be aren't being transparent.
It's going to be every single one sooner then later.
They can't give a specific employee's diagnosis, but it's perfectly fine to say an employee tested positive without saying who.
I'm pretty sure you waive your HIPAA rights when you tell your employer your diagnosis. You're not legally required to tell them, your work note can just say illness.
I can’t believe they stopped hazard pay.
you spelled "capitalist" weird. I've never seen it spelled "tourist".
I’m not saying that I don’t believe every store is going to have people test positive for covid. But I find it concerning that stores would keep such information quiet.   Also these stores have stopped hazard pay or simply did not have hazard pay for employees to begin with.   Of course people will get covid, but it’s how these stores are handling the situation that is concerning.
Nah, my friend who works at Harris Teeter messaged me and told me. I didn’t want to give away their name.
They aren’t immune.  Nowhere is safe. Assume everyone has it
Before anyone replies, please be aware that this guy wanks to down votes and other negative attention.
The cold gives young people heart failure and permanent lung damage?
Fallacy aside: there's no one you care about who is old, sick, or fat?
Wait until winter, as a country we are fucked.
It has to be the same in the restaurant industry too. Between asymptomatic staff and folks who dismiss the first signs of symptoms as simple allergies or a passing case of sniffles, even the safest places aren’t going to be immune.   I’m lucky in the fact that my place of employment is very serious about all employees wearing masks at all times indoors, and we only allow customers outside the restaurant, indoors is for staff only.
Do you know what store? I would guess the south one but maybe tunnel rd..
A 100 person wedding including medical workers is fucking insane. Most MD's I know are terrified about infecting other people. I'm super surprised that they would have a decent sized in-person wedding. Super disappointing. I understand this sort of thing from non-medical types but wow- bad decision making.
That's absurd. Didn't even know that was legal right now
https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/hqux07/local_covid_info_collection/  I started one with recent information i found on the sub. i don't have the power to sticky it, but hopefully it will be around long enough to keep people informed.
We’re still waiting on the pity bonus they’re giving us since they stopped hazard pay. And at first, they weren’t going to give the seasonal workers a bonus...cuz they aren’t people, they’re just temporary...I wonder if they will be giving us a bonus every month that there isn’t a vaccine, but I doubt that.
Better than having to pay it back, some company’s are literally telling employees to give/pay back the difference of increased wages. Shame either way, people who are forced to work through this should get more than just a pay raise or hazard pay.
You're both right, but I think in tourist areas it exacerbates the issue.   The kind of people traveling right now are more likely than not going to be people not taking this "COVID thing" seriously,  not wear masks, not following social distancing, etc and they're going to using essential public places like grocery stores.   I'm not saying all tourists are like this, because I know you go to Ingles and a lot of people not wearing mask are local.. but people who are on vacation generally relax and people going on vacation right now are mostly wanting to escape cabin fever and COVID stuff.
Capitalism fueled by tourism
Oh, they have the money. Grocery stores have made out like bandits in the last few months.  Very few businesses are being forthright about their COVID-19 cases or procedures.  Sorry to say.
Please edit the last two sentences out, they could, by process of elimination find out who this employee is with the information you provided.
Thanks for the trigger warning PSA... You should feel like you accomplished something today, good thing there’s good folks like you looking out for others emotional safety on the internet...
Yeah. If their immune system is trash. You gonna outlaw life? It leads to death. Fuckin’ sheep. Enjoy your face diapers.
To be far the first symptoms can express like allergies. I honestly can't tell you how freaked out I was when the flowers started blooming in March or when my AC went out and I thought I had a fever.
I hate to break it to you, but there’s an endless supply of ding dongs in the medical profession. My cousin is an ER nurse and she’s out clubbing every weekend. She has a group chat with her other nurse girls where they share snaps of patient EHRs and hot guys sleeping. Shits wild.
It's not.
I’m glad for the bonus, I didn’t know about that. But also they’re too big of a company to not continue hazard pay.
Good call. Thank you!
This has happened to seemingly healthy people. How do you know their "immune system was trash?"   But even if their "immune system was trash," they'd prefer to live or not deal with lifelong organ damage. The great thing is there's a very simple way to help them: wear a damn mask!  "You gonna outlaw life"—as if the minor inconvenience of wearing a mask is some great imposition on your life. What a snowflake.  "Fuckin' sheep" says the person who probably blindly follows whatever a known conman that hates him says.   Enjoy your ventilator. Actually, don't: you should sign a waiver stating that you refuse medical care for the "cold." The only problem is that your selfishness and ignorance could hurt someone else.
Oh you’re telling me. I don’t own a thermometer (I temp every day at work though), and before returning to work, any time I felt my forehead I’d spend 10 minutes going “is this hotter than normal!?!?”   Or any time I’d smoke a joint, I’d spend an hour convincing myself I had developed a cough and shortness of breath. I’m an idiot haha
Ooooooooo, well I feel dumb.  Thank you for sharing!
That’s so fucked up. Oh my god.
I've been saying this.  I'm a nurse, I know what goes on.  Some of you try to say I'm lying when I say this stuff.  Doctors a d nurses are people too, and half of them are not freaking out about covid.
But the clubs aren’t open yet are they? I work at a Lowe’s. We’ve had a few employee positives.
To be honest, I’ve only heard about the bonus from TMs, no one from leadership has confirmed to me personally. And yes, normally I’m a very thankful person but knowing that Amazon is at the helm of Whole Foods makes it more infuriating.
I’m gonna remain selfish, too. Because that beats being a sheep that believes what the news told him to think.
She lives on the west coast. There’s a few underground / private clubs in LA that have been open throughout this whole year lmao.
I kind of thought the same thing, but there is an announcement on Innerview.
At least you admit it. But you're a sheep that believes what Fox/Trump/InfoWars/Ben Shapiro told him to think. Meanwhile, I'll stick to listening to experts in their field.
I don’t even watch Fox News. You shouldn’t either. I know better than to believe politicians and media.
Honest question: what do you believe and why? How do you keep up on current events? Where do you get your news? I really want to know.

Owner of Rising Sparrow’s thoughts on freedom, Covid-19 and masks.

Sorry for the crap quality. Screen recording of someone else’s screen recording...

COVID-19: Buncombe case count up 215 from last week

These are lies to make Trump look bad.  /S
> Most importantly, what are YOU doing to flatten the curve?  Watching all the Peter Pans stomp their feet while refusing to wear a mask as a courtesy to others.
Saved by the /S

10 deaths at a Buncombe County facility once again considered COVID-19-related

Here's my hot take: there's still so much we clearly don't understand about this virus and how it works with other comorbidities so it was silly to take the original death totals as gospel, just like it was the reduction, just as this news is today.   Here's the one thing the science does agree on: *MASKS WORK*   It's silly to get caught up in calculating death rates and how old the people are who are dying.   Just please, do what the science says is our best chance at combatting this.
Good. That was bullshit.
I was wondering why the numbers jumped overnight.
🍿
No details?  This stinks of... "we want maximum hysteria levels at any cost"...   \----  In the most recent announcement, the health department clarified that COVID-19 deaths include the following:  * People who have had a positive laboratory test for COVID-19 * Those who died without fully recovering from COVID-19 * People who had no alternative cause of death identified  \----  I just want the TRUTH, I want to know \*exactly\* why these were NOT Covid deaths and I want to know \*exactly\* why they were then said to be Covid deaths... This fluff reporting is useless.
How is it silly to track the death rate of a pandemic or the age of those most affected or killed by it?  I want national and local response to be based on accurate numbers and good science.  All data is good data when it comes to figuring out and responding to COVID in the most effective way.  I'm curious what the state found that made them backtrack on the number of deaths.
[Masks don't do shit.](https://i.imgur.com/VmPYlBT.jpg) it's not about health and safety it's about compliance.
> they want their host to live  Viruses don't necessarily "want" anything in particular.  It's just that they evolve in a certain way.  A virus that mutates and doesn't kill its host will fare better than a virus that does kill its host.
So you're implying that anyone who dies with covid in their system should be counted as a covid death regardless of if it actually affected their death? I'm not saying you're wrong but you do see a problem with classifying any death with covid in the system as a covid death right?
Of course I'm all for the most research we can have, so that we can learn as much as we can and then make the most informed decisions.   I should clarify, what I think is silly is debating something like wearing a mask right now, given that we still have so much to learn. As more information becomes available, I'm sure we will learn more.
They get more money for reporting Covid cases. It’s not rocket science.
I mean....that's your source? I honestly don't know what to say, that is so obviously fake.
[No. They don't. ](https://www.denverpost.com/2020/05/20/coronavirus-covid-medicare-payments-hospitals/amp/)
Shoot, you caught me. Masks still don't do shit.
But what if COVID caused the blood clot that caused you to pass out and get into a wreck...\*cue mystery music\*
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/04/24/fact-check-medicare-hospitals-paid-more-covid-19-patients-coronavirus/3000638001/
Oh man this argument convinced me.
This article speaks to diagnoses and ventilator usage, not cause of death.
And my comment said they get more money for for reporting more cases.
Well we're discussing 10 specific causes of death on this thread...also your comment was presented as an answer to that question.
Okay bud. Take a hike.

Wild Wing Cafe in South Asheville- fires employees for waiting for test results after confirmed COVID-19 case in an employee


Wild Wing Cafe South Asheville- fires 10+ employees for waiting for test results before returning to work after a coworker tests positive for COVID-19 (details below)

Management confirmed our positive COVID-19 case to employees but denied it to the public. Many employees chose to not return to work until they had a received test results since we had all been exposed. The restaurant opened the next morning without requiring that employees be tested. After rumors on fb began to circulate, the owner Dave McFarland would not let any employee come back until he checked all social media to make sure we had not said anything about our positive case. One week later, all of us who chose to wait for our results were fired despite management stating there was no threat of being fired if we weren’t comfortable working at this time. This is not a rumor and it is not just one disgruntled employee. Notice how their facebook page is gone and how they don’t want anyone to find our employee page. There are 10+ employees who have been fired after years of working there simply for protecting themselves and our guests. Don’t let them keep it quiet.
Hi! Since your account is brand new, this post got caught in the mod queue. I understand the desire to protect private information, but do you have any proof that this is actually from Wild Wing South? If so, I'm happy to approve it.

Transparent data about #COVID19 is crucial to fighting the virus. So why is North Carolina's COVID-19 data frequently incomplete or unavailable? 🤔

I guess you won’t have anything to complain about when they stop sending data to the CDC and the White House gets to keep it and not share with the public
It gives you good reasons why in the article. One that jumped out at me. The testing delay due to the amount of testing being done and the shortage of staff to run and interpret the tests (pretty sure it is not a clia waived test so only certain people can process and read/ report results.). This partnered with the presentation of symptoms being from a week to two weeks means the government won’t know a person had covid for up to 2 to 3 weeks minimum. This is not a failure on any part of the system, the system is being overwhelmed as we are trying to GET the data. This is why is is important to wear a mask. Compliance  in wearing a mask by the majority will rapidly reduce the cases and transmission today so that three weeks from now we aren’t where we are now. FFS it takes 2 second to comprehend what is going on here. The only people to blame are bad faith actors in this crisis the people making up lies and the ones not wearing masks. If you aren’t wearing a mask you are an absolute putz who is easily deceived in my opinion. It is quite easy to make this a muh freedom thing over a United we stand thing. To quote our president: “sad”.
All US data is incomplete, this is by design. If you don't have the facts you cannot make an informed decision and instead have to rely on the government.  Thanks Trump and to a lesser extent NC government
Florida's reporting has been a clusterfuck also.   [https://www.clickorlando.com/news/local/2020/07/15/high-coronavirus-positive-case-rate-reveals-flaws-in-florida-department-of-health-report/](https://www.clickorlando.com/news/local/2020/07/15/high-coronavirus-positive-case-rate-reveals-flaws-in-florida-department-of-health-report/)   I'm sure there are other states in the same situation.  Can't have it come out that this is no where near the apocolyptic pandemic that gets pushed.       In the end CDC will still get the data; it's one of the agencies under HHS.  They just don't get to play gatekeepers.     HHS has been trying for years to consolidate data for easier and more effective data sharing between agencies.  It has the potential to be a great move.  I think the suggestion for National Guard assitance collecting and properly reporting states' data was a great one.  If hospital and health care systems are having issues reporting the additional support should be welcome.
They don’t want normal people meddling and finding the inconsistencies of their data... What I find incredibly dumb is how they hardly ever mention how many recoveries and they use positive cases going all the way back to march... Their media lapdogs do the real work by saying N.C. has had 90,000 positive cases and they frame it as if there’s 90,000 people walking around with the Chinese virus anygiven day...  Cooper and this Cohen lady need to have a real press conference instead of only taking pre screened questions from handpicked media outlets, those two are so garbage they still can’t answer questions from their own supporters (journalists).... On a side note I wonder how bottles of eye drops Cohen uses a month, she talks for 30min and blinks like 4 times. You just know her eyes are dry as a desert, it really disturbs me....
Because it’s overhyped bullshit. You’ll see it one day. Probably around or after the election.
Except that NC data should be going to NCDHHS as well (and there is no reason to believe it's not).  You can get a lot of information from their website but it does lack a little.    The percentage of positive tests has remained flat for the last 30 days with a very slight downward trend over the last two weeks.  This is good and does not fit the panic generated by the increase in case counts (which with no context is meaningless).    Hospitalizations have increased over the last month but the site does not say what percent of those hospitalizations are due to Covid (this is where the site lacks).  Because the percent positive has not changed in the last month, this increase is not likely due to an increase in Covid cases.  Reporting hospitals report 25% of the beds are empty and 20% of the ICU beds are empty.  These percentages are likely close to normal.  Only 26% of the ventilators at reporting hospitals are in use (I have no clue if this is normal but it seems low).
What does Trump have to do with states reporting their numbers? Thats entirely up to the states to accurately report their numbers.  You got TDS?
This is horseshit. The only issue was the speed of getting the data out from the CDC, which is from their analysis taking time. You don't fix that by completely sidestepping the CDC and making another pathway to get them the data to analyze. Now instead of the CDC in Atlanta getting the data directly, you have it routed through to Washington, THEN to Atlanta. Only the toadiest of the Trump toadies would support this. There are a dozen other things that could be done at this time, yet Trump is concerned with hawking beans out of the oval office and making it harder for the CDC to get unfiltered data. Welcome to China- except that China acted on the *real* data they were getting, and lied to the rest of us about it to save face. Trump can't even manage to even act. Hence the dog and pony show we've been getting instead of a national test and trace campaign, him coming out saying it's time to wear a mask, etc. etc.   >In the end they still get the data  Sure. Trust your government. They love you and would never lie to you.  Hospitals were not having issues reporting, and still aren't. This website combs hospital reports, which are publicly availably on a county level, to make their analysis: https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/
Florida's dashboard puts NC's dashboard in the stone age.    [https://floridahealthcovid19.gov/](https://floridahealthcovid19.gov/)   reports, drill downs, metrics. Problem with Florida, they ain't doing s\*\*\* to deal with the problem.
Lizard people are used to extremely dry climates.  😂 I’m surprised they’re not using a teleprompter so they don’t go off script.
Yep! COVID 19 will disappear from the news and or around Nov 4th.
>The percentage of positive tests has remained flat for the last 30 days with a very slight downward trend over the last two weeks. This is good and does not fit the panic generated by the increase in case counts (which with no context is meaningless).  [No, that is simply not the case.](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/data/state-timeline/new-confirmed-cases/north-carolina)
orangecheetoman bad.  Nothing else matters.  It would be hilarious if he started pushing vaccines to see how quickly the media would reverse course on them.
Yup. Probably.
Good info.  Thanks.
Wow.  The simple lack of understanding of data astounds me.  What you linked isn't even the same thing you quoted from my post.  You linked a graph that shows daily new cases. Daily new cases are meaningless because they lack any context.  What I stated is that the percentage of positive tests has remained the same over the last month with a slight downward trend over the last two weeks.  And it's true.  [Yes, it simply is the case](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/testing)  Scroll down to "Positive Tests and a Percentage of Total Tests" to see the information which I disseminated and you said isn't the case.
So what does hospitals reporting incorrect & incomplete numbers have to do with Trump?  You got a serious case of TDS
He's already pushing vaccines, just not safe ones.
But instead he has pushed unsafe, unclear, and unscientific garbage since the beginning.  It would be nice of him to show an ounce of leadership, rather than his body weight in tinfoil and idiocy.
found the 12 year old
That's my fault, I misread your post.  However, this:  >does not fit the panic generated by the increase in case counts (which with no context is meaningless).  ...still does not bode well for the health of yourself and loved ones.
This is the case a lot with these guys.
Not shilling them Gates style.
Remember when we were told to hate CDC head?   [https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/13/opinions/trumps-terrible-choice-for-cdc-redfield-garrett/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/13/opinions/trumps-terrible-choice-for-cdc-redfield-garrett/index.html)   Is he good now?  There was no mention of Trump data conspiracy before the recent story broke.
Please explain why.  And also please explain why case counts with no context mean something.
Hope you're wearing a mask in public, and no one you love dies from this disease.  I can attempt to kill your nonsense with kindness, or you can attempt to kill yourself with reckless behavior.  I hope I win.
No kidding. Bill believes in science and listens to his advisors.
Because a linear 9% increase in cases is panic worthy.  Stop being dense.
Have you read anything else I've posted on this subreddit?  I'm guessing no.  Plus, I was referring to you all being off topic, regularly.
Gates believes in profits.  If you fund the studies, donate to & invest in private companies devloping the drugs and donate to the organizations who will promote your product you will make bank.
Up until recently I was too busy working to really bother posting or spending time on this forum.  I like that you think that's some how indicative of a person's level of intelligence or ability to form a coherant thought.
Again, you are not understanding the basic statistics (I won't say you are being dense because some people just don't have the aptitude for it).  It's not a 9% increase in anything.  It is 9% of tests have come back positive for the last two months. There has been no increase in the positive test results as a rate of tests being done.  It has nothing to do with cumulative cases either - just to be clear.    The number of positive tests that many like to throw out are essentially meaningless as it doesn't really have any context.  It induces unneeded fear.
Who is "you all"?  How was what I said off topic, though I admitted to having misread the comment?  >Have you read anything else I've posted on this subreddit? I'm guessing no.  I hadn't before:  >You really are a lost little puppy, who cannot understand anything. I actually feel sorry for you.  >130,000 people have died. Not all from covid. Do yourself a favor and dig into the antibody testing. Also, maybe, just maybe our numbers are higher because they are majorly inflated. Maybe they are higher because the way they are reported. Maybe our numbers are higher BECAUSE IT'S A FUCKING ELECTION YEAR. The statement from the CDC on antibody testing, states if it comes back positive, it could be from several different strands of covid (the common cold). Those positive tests are reported with the positive viral tests. Lost fucking cause and pathetic as usual.  But now I have you tagged as Top Mind moron whose notions I no longer have to entertain.  Good luck out there; hope you brought enough woo oil to cure yourself and everyone you come into contact with.
You’re right we should believe the big dumb rich guy who never produced anything meaningful in his entire life instead
> The number of positive tests that many like to throw out are essentially meaningless as it doesn't really have any context. It induces unneeded fear.  I guess the history of the disease isn't context enough?  The northeast already felt the full force of letting it get out of control, but you've resolved yourself to taking some false comfort in a misunderstanding of "basic statistics".  I wish you luck on your adventures in infectious disease.
Right % positive staying level under increased testing is a very good thing. Testing has, almost, doubled ~15k-28K over the last 30 days but the %+ stays the same. The horror, the cumulative number of cases and deaths keeps rising! Panic!
Lol, I'm a FNP, of course a wear a mask.
He's a great business man.  Incredibly successful.  However that doesn't magically make him a medical expert.    I urge anyone that can suspend their preconceived notion of Gates to watch this and research, for themselves, any point that comes up that you take issue with:   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLXn45rrhgE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLXn45rrhgE)
lol.  Ok.
If you look at the deaths for NC is been pretty flat the entire time.  It's noisy probably because of reporting but if you were to draw a trend line it would probably be pretty flat.
>Lol, I'm a FNP, of course a wear a mask.  Yet here you are espousing conspiracy theories on a public forum regarding a well documented, international pandemic.  Either you are lying about your nurse practitioner licensing, or you should have your credentials under review.
I don’t really give two shits about bill gates and I don’t understand people’s obsession with his supposed influence over coronavirus vaccines. He clearly has less influence than the president of the United States. Trumps’ business success is definitely questionable. Even ignoring his political ideas and decisions, he is clearly a huge asshole (e.g. insulting veterans and disabled people, bragging about sexually assaulting women all on the record) and you just can’t come to any conclusion that he has reasonable critical thinking or problem solving skills listening to him discuss complex problems. He’s an old rude arrogant idiot and I just can’t believe anything people with his character traits say.
Or maybe I just know things.
Also, you all, is this cancel culture/echo chamber group that thinks they are the only ones with answers.  If my views don't agree with yours, then I automatically am bad at my job.  It's really fucking hysterical how much 'you guys' think your the only ones who are allowed to have opinions.  And yes, I'm saying 'you guys' because you have already proven to be one of them.
I think I misread your original comment.  I took it as a sarcastic statement about Bill Gates and I responded with that in mind.  Everything I said was about Bill Gates.   When I reread it I think you were talking about Trump.  My opinion of Trump, as a business person and in general, is very different.    It's a shame you wouldn't even consider watching the link.  I think it would give you a clear picture as to why people are concerned about Gates.
> Also, maybe, just maybe our numbers are higher because they are majorly inflated. Maybe they are higher because the way they are reported. Maybe our numbers are higher BECAUSE IT'S A FUCKING ELECTION YEAR. The statement from the CDC on antibody testing, states if it comes back positive, it could be from several different strands of covid (the common cold).  Tell me where in this VERY informed comment you presume shows knowledge.  You're a twat, plain and simple, and I hope your pursuit of misinformation doesn't get someone in the Asheville community killed because of your faulty appreciation of epidemiology, and your embrace of conspiracy.
I have no idea what you intend "you guys" to imply, but the only reason I think you're bad at your job is because you claim to work in the medical field.
It’s 2 hours long...
You have no way of knowing if I'm bad at my job.  Why should I have my license under review?  Because YOU don't agree with me?  Do you have any idea how many doctors are in complete agreement with me?  The numbers reported are inflated.  It's not a conspiracy.  I'm not saying it doesn't exist at all.  Ffs
Watching it is a time commitment.  It was orignally released in four parts, in audio & video.  I first just listened to the individual parts while running.  I watched each video later.  The webpage for the series includes sources for the information presented.   [https://www.corbettreport.com/gates/](https://www.corbettreport.com/gates/)
Your comment literally said the numbers are inflated, and that they are inflated because it's an election year.  You're a moron, and I hope you don't get someone killed because you are taking a leadership roll in their healthcare.
I said maybe you fucking genius.  Holy shit the reading comprehension in this group is seriously lacking.  I know the testing is inaccurate, and the reporting is lumped together.  Antibody test and viral test are reported together.  If you are positive for the antibody test, it COULD be from other covid strands (such as the common cold).
> I said maybe you fucking genius.  Are you certain you have a secondary education?  >it COULD be from other covid strands (such as the common cold).  Are certain you have a secondary education in medicine?  So allow me to preclude any more unnecessary arguments, and just ask you:  Do you really think the deadliness of this disease is being overstated?
Does it matter what I think?  You think you have it figured out.  Does not matter what a medical professional says.  That about right?
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/testing/serology-overview.html  Have you read this??  This is not an opinion piece.
>Does it matter what I think? You think you have it figured out. Does not matter what a medical professional says. That about right?  I can tell for my own satisfaction that you are or are not taking a qualified pandemic seriously.  Can you answer the question now?  >Do you really think the deadliness of this disease is being overstated?
So there is the possibility of false positives.  I appreciate that there are still limitations in the testing process, but I ask again:  >Do you really think the deadliness of this disease is being overstated?
There is more than possibility of false positive.  Did you read about the antibody test?  So don't you think if the testing is that unreliable that the death toll might also be incorrect?  I feel like this is absolute common sense.  That article clearly said, if you have a positive antibody it could be from other strands of coronavirus.  If there is that much uncertainty in the testing, how can anyone be convinced the numbers being reported are correct?
> Do you really think the deadliness of this disease is being overstated?
I'm pretty sure I just answered that.  Yes the disease is deadly, no the numbers are not correct.
Thanks for confirming my beliefs then.
Thanks for confirming you have no common sense at all.
You work in the medical profession, somehow have come to the conclusion that concern for Covid-19 is overblown, and you think I'm the person without common sense?
You and Ashevilletwerp must be real close.  You seem only slightly smarter, or else I would think you were the same person.  I'm losing brain cells trying to explain this to you both.  I'm done.
Hope you retire soon!
"STUDY FINDS YOUNG ADULTS OVERESTIMATE RISKS OF CORONAVIRUS BY TENFOLD by Kevin Ryan  A study has found that young people think Covid-19 is a far bigger threat to them than old people do, and overstate the risk of death by tenfold.  The study asked over 1,500 Americans about their perception of the risks of infection, hospitalization, and death from Covid-19 for people their own age.  Participants who were between 18 and 34 years old had a median response that was ten times higher than the actual risk of death for people their age.  “The young appear to assess their mortality risk to be more than 10 times the available data,” the study concludes.  The findings are similar to other studies that have found that people tend to exaggerate the prevalence of risks that are highly publicized.  The public’s fear of flying and assessment of how risky it is increases after a plane crash, for example.  And research has found that, because of media coverage, a large majority of people believe gun violence and crime increased between the 1990s and 2010s, when it actually fell dramatically.  Inaccurate risk assessment can often lead to bad policy decisions and resources being misallocated.  Trillions of dollars have been spent combating terrorism, for example, despite the fact that the risks of dying from terror are exceedingly small.  Conversely, heart disease in the U.S. kills five times more people in the U.S. than Covid-19 has, but there is very little mention of it in the media, and certainly no Covid-like movement to reduce it.  And indeed, the study’s authors found that perceptions of the disease’s deadliness affected how the respondents felt about policies such as lockdowns.  “Both individual views on lockdown policies as well as individual behavior become [stricter], favoring harsher or longer lockdown measures, for respondents who are more pessimistic about Covid-19 risks.”  The study also found that, relative to older people, younger respondents perceive dramatically higher risks of infection, hospitalization, and death from contracting Covid-19.  The authors say that Covid-19 has made death and disease “more salient” to young people.  In other words, it has brought attention to the prospect of death and disease, which young people are not used to considering.  Older people, meanwhile, are more used to dealing with the prospect and more familiar with the risks, and therefore are not as moved by it."  SOURCES: https://scholar.harvard.edu/files/shleifer/files/bcgs_covid_june30.pdf
I guess what you're to say is that New York, Italy, Spain, etc. are all over-reacting.  Gotchu.  And I thought you were done trying to defend this foolishness with "us people".
I didn't say any of that.  That's a Harvard study.
But you seem to want to communicate something by posting this, in the context of our conversation.  Are you afraid to make your opinion clear enough to argue against, or are you just going to obfuscate behind links?

Wild Wing Cafe South Asheville- 10+ employees fired for not returning to work until test results come back after coworker tests positive for COVID-19

Management confirmed our positive COVID-19 case to employees but denied it to the public. Many employees chose to not return to work until they had a received test results since we had all been exposed. The restaurant opened the next morning without requiring that employees be tested. After rumors on fb began to circulate, the owner Dave McFarland would not let any employee come back until he checked all social media to make sure we had not said anything about our positive case. One week later, all of us who chose to wait for our results were fired despite management stating there was no threat of being fired if we weren’t comfortable working at this time. This is not a rumor and it is not just one disgruntled employee. Notice how their facebook page is gone and how they don’t want anyone to find our employee page. There are 10+ employees who have been fired after years of working there simply for protecting themselves and our guests. Don’t let them keep it quiet.
As a pretty regular bar patron there (pre-Covid) of MANY years, I’ve also heard this info straight from the mouths of my friends who have been unjustly fired. I went to check their Facebook page this morning to see if the public had taken to asking questions/calling them out on this and saw it had been deleted - very telling. I will never return to Wild Wing South after this and plan to find out where these folks will be finding new employment so I can further support these fantastic, hard-working individuals in their new endeavors instead. Fuck that noise, for real.
Honestly I'm impressed that place is still open.  Moved away in 2009 and even before then it was mostly rif raf, bike types, and pop collar douches that hung out in that place.  The food isn't even that good.
Has this been reported to the sheriff's office? If not, it should be. That's what DHHS told me about these cover-ups. Especially on this large of a scale.
Those employees did the right thing waiting on their results before returning to serve the public.  It's shameful they had to lose their jobs for that.
This place needed a professional deep cleaning on multiple levels even before Covid arrived.
We did this yesterday.  Wild Wing Cafe - Asheville https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/hrp9hh/wild_wing_cafe_asheville/
Thank you for sharing this. I hope this gets the exposure it deserves, and I commend the employees for trying to do the right thing.
I went to Wild Wings once. Once.
It's like the new Hooters. The place to hang out for some reason, but not because of the place.
Only reason I went there was for the half off wings being a poor student. Fuck this place
This was meant to provide evidence as many people in that thread stated that the OP’s screenshot didn’t prove anything. I’m also sharing this as another voice who was deeply hurt and negatively affected by the actions of this owner.
Most experts would suggest that you’ve already been too many time.
I used to go because it was so close to my house but that was the only reason
We killed Chili's already. This crap restaurant is next. We just hate bad food.
And jobs too apparently. No worries, if the left succeeds we’ll all get to stand in bread lines.   Keep shutting’em down comrade!
Mm, yeah, we were the ones who fired ten employees. I remember doing that just yesterday. Totally us, not the place they worked at.
Lol! What kind of idiot thinks the definition of a free market is communism? Now I KNOW you're a Russian troll account.
Allow me to sum up what happened...  It started with some reeeeeeing and wiiiiiiining about having to work. Instead of showing up to work these employees decided to take off. Then they have the audacity to disparage the business on social media. This place is a business. I would’ve fired them too.    The owner did every thing he could possibly do. He ensured employees got tested and sanitized the business. What did the employees do? They mutinied and decided to stay home. Is it really a surprise they were fired? Do you have any idea what it takes to run a business? You lefties think all business owners are daddy war bucks sitting on piles of cash. The business owners livelihood is tied to the business just like other employees. These employees clearly demonstrated they don’t need to work and could care less of the business fails.
Yeah, a Asheville native Russian troll who can trace their families history in buncombe county back many generations. I got my adidas track suit as soon as I voted for Trump! It’s so comfy!
Dang I thought we fired them, can you keep your story straight?
Lmao except NONE OF US WERE REQUIRED TO BE TESTED. They opened the next morning without knowing if anyone else was positive. Those of us who did not return to work were waiting on our test results SINCE THEY CONFIRMED WE HAD ALL BEEN EXPOSED which is what is recommended. Why would we return without knowing we were negative and possibly infect all of our guests? And they said this was fine and there was NO THREAT OF BEING FIRED FOR WAITING ON OUR RESULTS.
Yes it’s supposed to be rainy afternoon in Brighton Beach on July 31st, make sure to bring extra sugar cubes for tea....  Edit: BTW where can I find original adidas? Only Chinese knock off here in Rostov-on-Don....
Please, stop virtue signaling that you only had the safety of guests at heart and lost your job because of it. You’re not fooling anyone. I know  business owners just look for any excuse to fire employees. It’s a great strategy really. 🙄   The irony is that this is a LOCAL business that all you hipsters just love to prop up. And hear we have a local business owner who’s doing all he can to save his business, protect his employees jobs, and ensure the safety of both guests and employees and what’s the end result? A bunch of employees stab him in the back. I’m sorry you’ve bought into the COVID propaganda and it cost you your job. It sucks and there is no winner here. But if you’re looking to blame someone, maybe look at the non-stop fear mongering being pushed in the msm and social media.
Gotta love resorting to xenophobia, Russians sure love messing with small town restaurant workers fired by their shitty capitalist boss
LMAO BWW being a local restaurant and not a franchise
That's what I'd do if I were a foreign power sowing unrest. It'd be super easy. And, you know, they are.
Read slower and all the words. This is WILD WINGS not BWW. Are you drinking the bong water again?
Hahahahahahahahahhahahahahaha hot damn you people are hopelessly lost... Do you really think Russian trolls are specifically targeting the Asheville sub on reddit???? You don’t need help, you need medication, intravenously, not in the pill form........
Russiagate people are no better than Trump supporters and would gladly join forces if they wanted to send all Russians to camps
Read slower and all the words. This is WILD WING CAFE is not the same as _WILD WINGS_, which typically refers to BWW. Also it's still a chain so my statement stands none the less. Are _you_ drinking the bong water again?
Lmao - this is what happens when you drink the bong water.
Honestly maybe this will be a good lesson for them.  Hire a lawyer and TRY to sue a restaurant chain, that undoubtedly has better lawyers.  Just to find out North Carolina is a right to work state, and they can fire you because they don't want to look at you anymore.
Dothn't you protest too much? You don't think a well known liberal city in a red state would be a target for one of the people we already know for a fact Russia is paying to divide us? Or do you not think Russia has heard of Reddit? Do you think there are too many cities in America for the whole of Russia to have a half hour to spend being a jackass for each one online? Or is it you just think what you do here is too hard? I can't imagine anyone is that stupid, so I'll guess you're trying to deflect.
I'm not really sure what this is supposed to mean. Do you think Russia funded accounts aren't doing this? It's a proven fact that they are. Whether they're here is questionable, but it would explain some of the accounts on this sub.
I’m trying to say that you can’t blame Russians for every little disagreement you have on the internet. Unless you’re a Russian troll, which is super likely and would totally explain your reaction /s
I wasn't. I was blaming someone calling a free market mechanism communism on them being a person with no real thoughts or opinion, who is only here to troll. Not sure what the point of that is if you're not collecting a paycheck.
Maybe they’re just a dumbass, that’s been a constant on the internet since it began. Russians are, once again, just a stand in for the bogeyman. I guess people need to have an easy target to blame if it can’t be explained away. You can’t blame Russian trolls for brainwashed Americans not understanding the difference b/w communism and capitalism, the U.S. government has a pretty good handle on that job.
Yeah, that's true. Americans are on average fairly stupid. But also, there ARE Russian actors trolling. Maybe this guy is just an idiot, but I don't think going entirely the other direction is really reasonable either.

UPDATE: Mission Health COVID-19 cases continue to grow, with three days of record highs this week

And the 14-day mark from July 4th still isn't until tomorrow....
We should re-open **more** restaurants, hotels & gift shops. If we're going for a high score, might as well kill several hundred locals in the name of Tourism. Cheap wages for all in the name of BCTDA. All hail Tourism!
I guess new record is more exciting compared to 30
Yes, this is spam, and for anybody who happens to come across this comment: I saw kn95 masks available for purchase at Lowes Hardware on Smokey Park highway earlier this week. But if you're going to go there to buy them, beware of the astounding number of customers without masks, and zero enforcement from employees.
Spam.
Last weekend I was at Lowe’s on tunnel road and they have an employee stationed at the entrance with masks for anyone without one. I haven’t been in many stores but this is the only place I’ve seen this. I don’t remember seeing anyone without masks so maybe it has some affect.

Craggy Correctional Center staff member tests positive for COVID-19, mass testing pending

Tragically, [prisons in this country](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.politico.com/amp/news/magazine/2020/06/25/criminal-justice-prison-conditions-coronavirus-in-prisons-338022) are being almost completely overlooked and ignored throughout this crisis. It's one more horrible effect of this pandemic and a further indictment against our country's prison-for-profit system which deprives inmates their basic needs.
What should we do to stop the spread in prison? Genuinely asking, kinda hard to tell these days
Release non-violent offenders. They don't deserve a potential death sentence no matter what they did. As a start.
I don't have the answer, it's a perfect storm for this type of virus. I guess I'm just trying to point out that prisoners in our country have and continue to be treated like garbage and this is a prime example.   I guess in a perfect world, prisons would be testing every guard and inmate, quarantining positive cases as best they are able, and performing temp checks and testing as often as possible.  I just don't see a world in which prisons are getting the necessary tests/funding to take proper precautions while the rest of the country is lacking the same things.
I can agree with that but in a perfect world we wouldn't need prisons. I just don't see people caring about criminals when they just lost their job or business.
I would argue that people didn't care about prisoners before the times of coronavirus.

COVID-19 at Asheville Target (Tunnel RD)
Has come to my attention that two employees and a contractor tested positive for COVID-19 at the Target on Tunnel Rd. Target has been putting employees suspected of exposure on unpaid leave.
The leave is optional. I'm a former employee during COVID and we were told if we felt unsafe to take an unpaid leave. If you tested positive you could take a paid leave. They're not making anyone take unpaid leaves, target is pretty strict about these kinds of things.
I was just there yesterday damnit.
Big deal every place like that has employees walking around with it, most just aren't symptomatic.
What about the time between getting tested and the results?
But... That's bad. That means they have it, don't know it, and can spread it.
This is actually a massive deal, it's wild that you don't see that.
Good question. That period was previously 48-72 hours, now regularly over a week.
It's wild that people are just learning this. I mean don't we all already know that the vast majority of people infected won't show symptoms but can of course spread the disease? What do you think we are wearing the masks for?
Which is a long time to go without pay, at the same time interact with other people. It's such a shitty situation.   When someone says "I'm waiting on my tests" it's like they are in some limbo of Hell. Don't fucking come near me with "I'm waiting for my tests", but that also means that their test is essentially mine, just a couple of steps away.
I mean how long have you been on this sub lol? There are many people in our city that do not think this is real or as widespread as it is. And many that continue to refuse to mask up.
Buncombe County Health Department is quite clear that you ought to be quarantined while awaiting test results, and then even with a negative result if you have confirmed exposure, a few days longer to make sure symptoms don't develop.  Probably less of an issue now that test results are taking so long I guess
So I just read my first post again and realize my phrasing wasn't great.

[New] COVID-19 [Relevant?] Regional Hospitalization Data Information.
Finally, the state department of health is reporting hospital data that might be more relevant to the region. Click below:[https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations)Scroll down half-ways. Select "Regional View" (our region: Orange) and to the right "Filter By Region" Click the Drop Box and Select "MAHPC - Mountain Area Healthcare Preparedness Coalition" and Click "Apply."Perhaps - local healthcare professional(s) within the hospital system can give a "thumbs up" or "thumbs down" if the "trend information" looks "ok" (or is someone blowing smoke).\*\*\*\*\*\*Totally Separate: Please look at these weekly reports every so often. Congregate Living Facilities has been a driver for new infections for a very, very long time. I don't see a solution any time soon.290 Congregate Living Facilities[https://files.nc.gov/covid/documents/dashboard/Weekly-COVID19-Ongoing-Outbreaks.pdf](https://files.nc.gov/covid/documents/dashboard/Weekly-COVID19-Ongoing-Outbreaks.pdf)\*\*\*\*\*\*Totally Separate: This weekly report is important for obvious reasons.11 Child Care Facilities (88 people/children)1 school (6 people)[https://files.nc.gov/covid/documents/dashboard/Weekly-Ongoing-Clusters-in-Child-Care-and-School-Settings.pdf](https://files.nc.gov/covid/documents/dashboard/Weekly-Ongoing-Clusters-in-Child-Care-and-School-Settings.pdf)

NC COVID-19 update: Total confirmed cases close to 100,000; Hospitalizations decrease

It’s be nice if we saw this virus transitioning to being less severe as time went on, resulting in more minor cases. One thing I’ve learned well though, in the last few months, is that I’m no expert in the science of viruses/medicine, and won’t pretend to know how it all works!   Wishful thinking, and a grounded view of how to go about my life while this is happening is what’s getting me through. To clarify, I’m not “living my life” and going out. I’m working at a place I’m proud to say is taking almost toooo many precautions (I say that in a good way), sanitizing/showering the moment I walk through the door. Quarantining otherwise, save a grocery trip once every 2 weeks. Mask is on any time I step out off my property/out of my car.  As much as I’d like to go back to seeing friends, other than a couple instances of socially-distant backyard beers over the last few months, I’m doing the right thing, since it seems like few other people are. I had more faith in our town til going back to work at a restaurant. Seems like most of the people who say they’re taking it seriously have seriously relaxed on their precautions. Not trying to get praise for it, I’m just recovering from a few years of bad depression/substance use and don’t want to get sick and potentially die before I get a chance to really start living again
MY GRANDMA DIED TUESDAY, IN ASHEVILLE OF COVID. GLAD THAT YOU ARE AMUSED.
YES BECAUSE THINGS WILL LITERALLY NEVER CHANGE EVER. I, A FOOLISH LIBTARD, ENJOY NOTHING MORE THAN BAD NEWS.
RIP Grams.  Sorry for your loss.
I TOO LIKE CAPS LOCK OUTRAGE, WHERE DO I SEND MY TEARS TO?
YOU COULD SEND THEM TO u/WaymentWhat BUT I WILL LEND AN EAR IF YOU WOULD LIKE

Buncombe County surpasses 1,000 cases of COVID-19: Most are under 50 years old.

It seems that most of the cases are asymptomatic.  Do we have current data on hospitalization rates and the age?  Most of the deaths are people in nursing homes. Their lives are very important (they depend on us for care)  but the data is worth knowing.  Not many people under 50 are dying from Covid.
"not many" is a relative term.  And having a medical condition can increase the probability of death quite a bit e.g. a 35 yo with diabetes vs without diabetes.  Without diabetes might have a 0.1% chance of death and with diabetes could be as high as 1%.  Some large data sets I've seen suggest the death rates break down roughly like over 80 10-15% death rate.  over 70 5% death rate.  over 60 2%, over 50 1%, over 40 0.5%.  as best as I can tell under 30 might have a death rate as low as 0.01% or 1 in 10000.  but I think these numbers included asymptomatic positives as well.  having medical problems changes the calculus.  having a hx of heart problems dramatically increases the death rate.  which is probably why you have the dramatic increase correlated with age.  a standard workup for covid-19 includes checking for troponin level which you normally check in heart attacks.  diabetes and hypertension also have bad correlation but as bad as history of heart problems.  Here this is incredibly informative and breaks down all the deaths on a week by week basis:   [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid\_weekly/index.htm](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm)   &#x200B;  At the peak you had almost 16,000 people over the age of 55 die compared to 1100 under 55.  That was when nursing homes were getting ravaged.  roughly 15:1 ratio.  more recent data suggests a tightening to 10:1.  Looking at that data though I ABSOLUTELY WOULD NOT TRUST the later data.  I have little doubt Trump and his cronies are suppressing and controlling the CDC now.  I can tell from other sources that late CDC data is not correct.  It's way under what the real totals should be!  No surprise there...
We also have Roughly 1634 people in NC and 139659 across the US regardless of age range who are now no longer with us. Regardless of age I think a tragedy and loss of life 46 times greater then 9/11 should probably be taken seriously and that we should work towards maybe keeping this national failing from getting any further out of hand. Wear a mask.
Comorbidity: deaths are being under reported and reported as something else. We don’t have good data on death rate and we have data that is woefully laggy. Wear a mask. There is a potential for permanent lung and vascular complications even if you don’t die. Wear a mask. any one of any age can die from and spread the disease. Even if they don’t die someone else can as they can be a spreader.Leading to a Higher chance of development of comorbidity factors, permanent life long lung damage or death systemically. Wear a mask.  The last point is a great reason why we need to wear masks, social distance and not move forward with reopening. If we do Reopen (especially schools) more people will suffer. Suffer and die or suffer from lifelong complications. I am not willing to sacrifice human beings ( yes even a small number) for whatever it is everyone else is seeing as so damn valuable.  Can we also avoid the vaccine debate and have a majority agree to protect the wackadoos with herd immunity?
All I know is the ICU at Mission is full and overflowing with covid positive patients.
5% (82 OF 1634) deceased are under 50, so about 60% of the population has almost no risk.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases
"deaths are being under reported and reported as something else."  Do you have a source on the confirmed misreported deaths?  It would be very easy to recalculate the death toll with that data.   You could be referring to possible or suspected misreported deaths.  Which is not confirmed and has no concrete number.  Lockdowns do not equate a safe existence.   Annually we have an estimated 300k people die from poverty.  Poverty is increasing under the current lockdown measures.   The outcome of this is unknown but the data suggest large portion of people will die from lockdowns and related economic impacts.
How many is that?  What is Missions ICU capacity?   If you have a source please share.
Based on those numbers the under 50 group has an overall 0.1% chance of DEATH or 1 out 1000.  You like those odds for highly infectious disease?  I would say then please go out to bars and hang out with other idiots... except IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU!  It's about not continuing the spread and giving it to OTHER PEOPLE!  People over 50.  Where the death rate grows dramatically.  Go ahead and KILL other people's parents and grandparents.  Because that's what you are doing when you don't give a crap and go out and give it to other people and they die.  It's actually called manslaughter.  We never should have been in this spot with still having such high disease prevalence.  But when you have a sociopath in charge who only cares about re-election...
The under reporting of covid cases as well as the misreporting of covid cases is being tracked by the CDC here: [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess\_deaths.htm](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess_deaths.htm)  They  are using historical data for expected death from comorbidity factors of covid from previous years and tracking when there is an unexplained spike in death. The confirmation of these cases as covid is either not possible or not priority but you can see spikes that indicate excess linked deaths to covid as recently as June 13th. I see it as very likely deaths in May as well as June and April are covid fatalities that were not reported as such. (please keep in mind the lag between diagnoses and reporting means recent spikes above threshold will not be reported for upwards of 3-4 weeks). People who have passed from respiratory issues and cardiovascular issue/ clotting without a covid test are not reported as a covid death when they could very well have been. Additionally people dying at home are not being marked as covid deaths if they were not tested. The reasoning being that we can later correlate data and figure out a likelihood of additional death due to covid that went unreported. Right now we want concrete quantitative data. A binary of yes no. The updated death tool will be released over the next few years with margins for error and peer review. Those deaths are being counted and will be factored. They are real.  In the middle of a health crisis with many comorbidity factors and a testing shortage what you are asking for is not reasonable. Though I think if you look at the above explanation and the charting on the CDC website it is hard to deny that we have under reported covid deaths.
The source is my momma. She's been a nurse there for ~30 yrs. I'm honestly not sure how many beds they have now as they've had to repurpose several floors for covid. The point is, they're overrun and continuing to receive covid positive patients. Hospitals in other states are unable to keep up and are bringing in freezer trucks for the deceased as their morgues are full.
Your .1% is actually a very tiny risk, and it is orders of magnitude too high and wrong. Those 5% of deaths are part of the total known cases.  So 86/101,046=.000851%.  This does not take account for the actual, unknown, cases.  Could be 2x or it could be 10x more cases that were asymptomatic, we will never know.  Good news is that 70% of the known cases are in <50.   These are very positive trends.
Now onto the second point you made. Lockdowns do not equate a safe existence but a safer one. Additionally a Lockdown for a period of 3-4 weeks with complete or near complete compliance would be effective and HAD BEEN effective (but half assed) at reducing cases and "flattening the curve". If we had continued in lockdown slightly longer (and had taken it seriously) while also being in phase one for a longer period of time while being mask/socially distant compliant as a society we would not be where we are now. In fact we would be doing better economically and more businesses would be open and operating. We have lost this opportunity without massive additional governmental intervention for relief/stimulus. We have already failed our fellow Americans as a collective.  We can however offer additional stimulus at this point for small businesses that we ensure is not eaten by multi-million dollar conglomerates. We can offer rent and debt forgiveness as well as expansion of social service programs to reduce homelessness and hunger. That can be paid for with 1% or less of our military budget. Extend tax due dates and and reduce tax burden on the working class to ensure people are capable of keeping homes and have excess money to spend. Take the burden OFF the working class and put it on the government through social programs that benefit every level of society for a year or two. That can buy the economy time to exist in a limited opening. That is just one idea that is probably flawed.  The reasoning behind the above: We do not have to sacrifice more people to save the economy, we are CHOOSING to. Through governmental and societal incompetence. We can have our economy and a healthy (covid free) population. Push for that, not a reopening.
Interesting.  Locally that could be the case.  Though with other hospitals I am not getting those reports.  I also have family that work in hospitals (in another state north of us)   They are mostly empty with no real Covid issues.
So no, it is not orders of magnitude.  At best it is one order of magnitude. No one thinks we're off by a factor of 100.  That's just absurd.  So we have had 400 million cases in a country of 330 million?  We have 4 million positives and many of those are asymptomatic cases and our testing is much more prevalent now.  So you might have said in April we have 1000 positives in our community and the real amount could be as high as 10,000.  But because of the widespread testing and contact tracing that disparity is much much smaller. And it is not a positive trend what we are seeing just because it is in younger people.  Because that's where it is NOW, but it then get's passed to older people.  These things have lag effects.  And precisely because young people can be asymptomatic and because they are getting this message from people like you that hey there's no real risk for you, they don't think about others, they catch it and pass it to other people.  Which is what we are seeing now, as we are farther along is this resurgence a month or more, and as the ages increase AND the death rate is increasing quickly again.  1200 dead today and 1165 dead the day before.  You think a trend that is currently 36,000 dead Americans per month is positive?  And really were heading up so probably will be a trend towards 50,000 a month if this upswing continues.  Still 36,000 a month.  432,000 as a yearly average if we hold at this positive place.  Absolutely absurd.  I get to put my life at risk every day I go to work at the hospital,  while people continue to not give this pandemic the respect it deserves which is why we are back in a mess again.  How about you let the medical experts, epidemiologists, and infectious disease docs guide us right now instead of an orange imbecile.  Just suck it up for another 3-4 months and stop listening to people who only have their own re-election interests at heart and not the health or well being of the American populace.  We can still be open and mostly functioning, but you know, with masks, distancing, hand sanitizer etc and a simple respect for this virus and acknowledgement that we need to work together on this instead of letting ourselves get pitted against each other over things like masks all in service to sociopathic politicians.  In a few months we'll have a good idea on if/when we're going to get a vaccine.
Mission was pretty quiet early on, but now with everything reopened and so many tourists traveling here from states that have shut down again, the numbers are on the rise.
Sorry, deaths are still pretty flat not, as you say, "...increasing quickly again". https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/cases  Also could be more than 10x widespread: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/cdc-says-covid-19-cases-u-s-may-be-10-n1232134  So, yeah, good news.

Asheville, Buncombe coronavirus infections accelerating, health director says

Just walk around downtown and watch the tourists and it's easy to see why this is happening. No, we're nowhere near our normal numbers, but there are more than enough. Especially when you see how many them aren't wearing masks and you can forget about social distancing.
Honestly, I don't get why people don't wear masks. I work at an Ingles and the people who don't wear masks just so happen to usually be the same ones in there almost every day. It's ridiculous! If I can wear one for 8-9 hours a day (in a hot deli nonetheless) then you can wear one for your 5 laps around the store that takes an hour.
Perfect time to reduce testing capacity 35%
>In response to questions about what was driving the increase, Mullendore said it was **tough to pinpoint** a specific activity but the cause generally was people "having close contact with others outside their household and not wearing their face coverings."  not so tough to pinpoint, really. as long as Asheville / Buncombe Co keep *whistling past the graveyard* the cases will continue to increase. i.e. how about actually enforcing face coverings?   but, but but, mah rights!   oof, this shitstorm is difficult to watch.
“My name is Marty but round here I go by ‘party Marty.” “Tequila, lime in the eye, bang your head on a table /repeat” https://youtu.be/EbxwGi8bTO8
And yet mortality and hospitalization FOR china flu continues to decline.  Who gives a shit about number of cases? Not only that but its been proven many times the case count is massively inflated and extremely inaccurate
Floridiots.
>and the people who don't wear masks just so happen to usually be the same ones in there almost every day.  had no idea tourists went to ingles that much  /s
And open schools!
“Hit me up on the fucking (insta)gram.” “Cocaine, bad bitches, and alcohol.”
Covidiots
It's not tourists, it's the regulars.
Ha!  This made me laugh.
I'm.guessing it's not a city Ingles
right outside city limits, we get a good mix of both.

Families First Coronavirus Response Act
Has anybody here had experience using the Families First Coronavirus Response Act to get paid sick leave due to the coronavirus? And is calling Pisgah Legal the best way to get free legal advice? Thanks.
Pisgah is as far as *I* know, I haven't heard of that act- looking forward to hearing more. Good luck to you! 🌱
If you have any legal questions whatsoever, and cannot afford to retain a lawyer, Pisgah Legal is always your best bet. However, I wouldn't be surprised if they are backed up for months the way things are going currently.  A quick Google search got me this:  [https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/pandemic/ffcra-employee-paid-leave](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/pandemic/ffcra-employee-paid-leave)
I've never been able to get through to them, even before the pandemic.
I've used their consultation several times in regards to health insurance and found them incredibly helpful.

Highest hospitalizations and deaths so far in NC from Coronavirus

As deaths are generally reported after positive results, this is not unexpected from the increases we had from roughly the middle of June forward.    Of course at this point we are seeing again a downward trend in total cases since roughly the middle of July.
Highest death rate will hit in November. Trump wins, Soyboys and SJWs commit.
How many suicides or deaths of disrepair for 2020?  You can't go to church, you can't see your friends and family, but you can go to the liquor store and watch the news.  Not good.
So how did Trump fucked the data and what data exactly has he fucked?  What disinformation is being put out?  You just say things like this without any backing.
What’s a soy boy?
How many suicides or deaths would there be if we had 10,000 people dying a day because we were all going to church and hanging out with our friends without restriction.   Jesus Christ, get some perspective. You have the luxury of being able to attend church services from the comfort of your own home. You can video call relatives and friends across the globe with very little latency. And you can do all of that while not getting exposed to or contributing to the spread of a pandemic.  Consider yourself God damned lucky this isn't 1918, how on earth would you survive waiting weeks for a reply to a letter?
Pretty sure we won't know until the middle of next year what the actual death is
Deaths of despair, as far as I know, have only been studied in relation to unemployment.  The long term impact from both COVID pandemic & lockdown and unemployment is going to be huge.  Very sad.   I haven't seen any concrete numbers or studies yet but I'm sure suicides, drug/alcohol additiction, domestic violence, etc have increased a lot during the lockdowns.
Why the fuck is this being downvoted? This is an extremely valid question that is basically taboo to ask at this point, which is sad. Both the lockdown and the virus have very real effects that we cannot ignore. We should be able to have a discussion where the pros and cons of lockdown or any other approach to this virus is free to make without being dogpiled on for asking a question. Even if the OP has an agenda behind the question, it is still valid. Come on people, be better than this.
Op pretty much said it but here are some sources  https://khn.org/news/trump-administrations-sudden-shift-on-covid-data-leaves-states-in-the-lurch/   https://www.politico.com/amp/news/2020/07/15/trumps-covid-19-data-reporting-switch-draws-outcry-from-health-groups-364589   https://www.npr.org/2020/07/15/891563628/trump-administration-orders-hospitals-to-bypass-cdc-send-covid-19-data-to-washin  Retooling data systems at this scale is a massive and elaborate undertaking w/much trial and error even during a non-crisis period. The CDC is a well established, well trained, well organized body which is already effective at the job it was created for decades ago. There is absolutely no legitimate reason to make this risky change at this time. It’s cronyism, corruption, and coverup. Plain and simple.  Edit: In support of my claim about data systems, I am a public health researcher at a major university
Well I mean the majority of his followers [people that want to give him a bj and or rim job] say masks shouldn't be mandatory
Yes, I’m certain that the state of NC’s own independently reported data, on the state’s own website is controlled by Mr. Trump......  Try again with some actual analysis there Trollurkey.
Any male who eats a soy based diet. You can usually spot them wearing beanies in the middle of summer, their collar bones can open beer bottles, and their earlobes likely have bigger holes than their mouths. They’re full of this self-proclaimed white guilt. During these times they’re likely congregated by historical landmarks shouting “REEEEEEEE” while holding signs that support racism and fascism.  They’ve gotten into student debt for a major that will make them less than a school teacher. You’ll see them degrading people who didn’t go to college but make well over six figures a year because they don’t understand electricians and other trades are important. They think they are the saviors and the best thing to happen to this country. You’ll know when you see them
Not to be pedantic, but public pay phones, telegrams, and even the teletype were widely available during that time. Radio was also gaining wide-spread use.   People weren’t sitting in the dark for weeks on end.   The time it took to speak to someone on the other side of the globe depended on their own infrastructure, so a message going from someone in New York to someone in rural Cairo might take a week tops. But communication between major cities was much faster.
It will be interesting to see how deaths compare year over year.
It’s being downvoted because it’s not the discussion we need to be having right now.   Look at the rest of the world and how they dealt with the virus. They shut shit down, they wore masks, they did things for the greater good, and they are all in a much better position than we are. But not us, we’re over here bitching about not being able to attend church services in person. It’s basically us and Brazil leading the dumbass parade. But sure, go ahead and talk about suicides and drug overdoses while we roll into the fall with an uncontrolled pandemic on our hands. It’s amazing how so many people suddenly give a fuck about mental health and people who die from the “diseases of despair.” Where have y’all been hiding all these years?  EDIT: I'm not saying that we shouldn't be taking care of those who have been affected by the lockdown. We should continue the unemployment bonus and do more for state and local governments. What I'm saying here is that we shouldn't be entertaining people who want us to open everything back up and let people die just so they don't have to be inconvenienced.
This again...I'd love to see some links supporting your claims that the WH is collecting the data or managing it.     HHS had the new system built, not the WH.   The gov't uses private companies to build databases, hardware & software solution, manage IT infrastructure a lot.  That doesn't mean something nefarious is happening.  HHS has walked back the claim that the project was no bid.  They said it was improperly coded.     Zamagias was/is a real estate developer.  He did business with a real estate debt/equity firm based in NYC that Trump also used.  Please provide evidence that the relationship was something greater or that he financed billionsof dollars in projects with Trump.
There's never an ideal time for revamping a large data system however that doesn't mean it should never occur, especially if a system is not adequate for a specific purpose.  I understand that learning a new system can be an added burden for healthcare systems.  I still think it was worthwhile to try and consolidate some of the data collection, even during this time.  That burden and inconvience does not mean it's anything more than that.  Please share anything that shows data is being manipulated or that the WH is changing info.  I welcome supporting evidence from any side.
Sooo...somebody like you?
But that's my point though - people have survived for centuries with technology which is vastly inferior to what we've got available to us now.
That's a fine observation but does nothing to actually address whether or not the blunt force tool of a lockdown is actually the best method to counter this virus. Personally? Testing and tracing works, if only around nursing homes, where over 40% of the deaths are occurring. Hospitals need to have "fever wards" where potentially infectious patients can go to be truly isolated, together. We used to have these things, btw, this isn't some novel idea I came up with. Lockdowns are what we are left with because the feds dropped the ball in February.
I must have missed the memo where we are not supposed to be having a discussion around the societal impacts of the most devastating economic collapse since the great depression was initiated by a global pandemic-related lockdown.  First of all, no- not every country had a massive lockdown. Korea did not. Taiwan did not. They did better than everyone else, with testing and tracing, and targeted quarantine. Lockdowns are the final step when you miss your window, which is where we are at.  Second of all, if you think that the coming epidemic of homelessness derived from this lockdown, the massive unemployment numbers coming out, the loss of almost 10% of our GDP is a part of a conversation "we shouldn't be having right now," then I just don't know what to tell you. The people out of home and job right now surely wish they were part of the conversation. The democrats in congress sure care about them enough to advocate for continuing unemployment benefits and expanding access to health care, which are good things.  So pardon me for caring about deaths of despair from the lockdown. If you don't want to talk about, you can sit yourself out. Thanks.
 [https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Sealioning](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Sealioning)
How about you provide some sources of real data that show the benefits of this will outweigh the risks. Also, specifically, what problems with the current system this will solve, and most importantly, how?
It doesn't?  [https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/about-data](https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/about-data)  Because reporting COVID-19 is mandatory in North Carolina, clinicians and laboratories must report all positive COVID-19 diagnostic tests to local or state public health. North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services (NCDHHS) and all local health departments (LHD) enter COVID-19 cases and deaths into NC EDSS.
Well Trollurkey, if we are to believe the states website you’re incorrect....   Of course I suppose that NC’s own website could all be part of The Great Cheeto’s conspiracy.....  Or you could try objectively viewing the data that is presented?
No I’m straight and white so you could say I’m your average racist. But you did get one thing right, your username is damn accurate. Hope you have a great day!
You might be the exception that proves the rule here, but the vast majority of people who bring up the topic of weighing the cost of a lockdown versus a spike in mental health-related deaths don't give a damn about helping people. They're not looking to have a discussion around continuing unemployment benefits or universal health care, or anything like that. In fact, they're the ones who are arguing for the unemployment bonus to end. They don't want to wear masks, they want everything to open back up with no restrictions, and basically for things to return to business as usual while we let the weak die off from the coronavirus.   That's why whoever the hell started this thread got downvoted. Because we've heard his or her story A LOT on here lately. They're not looking to discuss the ways we can help those who have been affected by the lockdown like you seem to be. They're looking to use mental health as an excuse to end the lockdown and let people die so that they don't have to be inconvenienced.
So HHS is lying?  Ok.   Still waiting on Trump/Zamagias real estate funding info.
Standards for me but not for thee, eh?  Sure, let's play.  First, the CDC doesn't have the best track record for collecting or handling data during all this mess: https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2020/05/cdc-and-states-are-misreporting-covid-19-test-data-pennsylvania-georgia-texas/611935/  https://www.politico.com/news/2020/06/04/coronavirus-robert-redfield-racial-disparity-cdc-301223  https://www.businessinsider.com/why-the-cdc-coronavirus-data-is-so-bad-2020-5?op=1  Just a couple of months ago people were really unhappy with their handling of COVID data.  HHS even had to step in to require more complete data gathering after Congress got pissed about a lack of data.  Oh, how times change!  Remember when CDC reported their death count lagged by several weeks? https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/15/politics/concerns-cdc-counting-systems/index.html  Redfield was even calling their reporting system inadequate for coronavirus https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/12/health/coronavirus-fauci-testimony-reopen.html?auth=login-email&login=email  I see this as a problem. Difficulties & failures to get adequate data, in a timely fashion.  This is a huge issue during a pandemic. I want doctors, hospitals, states, hell even Trump himself (not that he'll know what to do with it) to have more data related to COVID than they care too.  This is novel after all...more data, collected more often please.  That would be a huge benefit.  To me, that outweighs the risk of removing one (CDC NHSN) outdated, less agile reporting system.    Despite what current reporting leads one to believe, HHS Protect & the TeleTracker portion has been up and functional since April, so this is not some novel reporting system that was just sprung on America.  Part 2 tomorrow... EDIT:  Formatting.  still not great, but better.
Agreed
I have absolutely no problem with being inconvenienced.  My hours have been cut back, we had a baby and none of our family were able to come see us, and we aren't getting out of the house at all.  I am genuinely worried at the number of people whose lives are suffering as a result of social isolation and economic destruction.    The news media won't report on it hardly at all, thats why I bring it up.  We all need to understand that there could be close to 1 million deaths from drug overdoses, alcoholism, suicides. etc. in addition to Coronavirus deaths as a result of this.  Not to mention failing relationships.
Go home troll
I hate to alarm you, but NC is reporting deaths and cases in the same somewhat confusing manner as they have since this mess began.  NC reported 2 deaths that occurred on 7/28, with the remaining 40 being attributed to deaths that occurred prior to 7/28.  If you continue to follow the states data, I’m more than happy to put money on that 7/28 figure growing, and likely by a rather large percentage (I’d expect at the moment it will be around 10ish by the time we are in mid august).  But in you likely were already aware of this, and are reaching for some silly inflammatory accusation.    3/10 troll attempt.
So what would you like to see happen? Just for everyone to understand that this is a shit situation all around? Are you hoping for more federal aid for the unemployed and for state and local governments? Or are you advocating for easing social distancing and mass gathering restrictions as a way to trade off virus deaths for mental health concerns? I'm not even going to call it a lockdown because we're not locked down any more and haven't been since May.
Thanks for the link.  I also started checking when you first said the billions comment.  I see nothing that talks about their billions in real estate deals.  Don't be lazy.  Back up what you said.  One link that says Trump and Zamagias did billions worth of projects to together.  edit:  added comment after billions.
Can you even get a flight back to Russia these days?
When I'm trying to make an objective point and am asked for evidence I provide it.  You gave links in your other reply to me, which I appreciate, even if we aren't in agreement.  How does that make me a troll?
The fact is that not taking this on the nose only delays the inevitable and it's better in most cases to just reopen everything, let the virus take its course, all while protecting those most at risk (very elderly, people with preexisting conditions, etc) and let the big spike occur. The data and science shows that new cases and deaths fall off down the curve very rapidly after.
You got served, son
I’m just trying to have a reasonable discussion. Please go through the time to link all of your sources for your comment. It will not change my mind or anything, just do what I say and get that for me. Chop chop.
Don't engage the sealion
That blatantly false statement only shows you haven’t read at all the section of the state’s website on where the data reported comes from.   You are at the very best utterly uninformed and foolish.   Try actually reading the state’s methods instead of simply spreading lies?   https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/about-data
And there it is. Open everything, let the big spike happen, and allow the virus to take its course. Fucking madness.
How so? By asking someone to prove a statement they made, repeatedly, by searching independently to make sure I wasn't the ass by missing something easily proven true (and finding nothing to support the original claim bTW), by going to the search link that was sarcastically sent to find.....nothing that supports the original statement?  Ouch.  I got burned on that one.     Or was I being served by the user that pops in, adding nothing, mockingly putting the burden of proof of me?  Scorching.  We have vastly different opinions on what it means to be served.
It’s almost like there is a slew of post from people who: pretend to argue in good faith, ask for information, ignore that information, and use logical fallacies to try discredit that information. All the while making a counter argument, with no substance, by their whole denial of information alone.   Its so similar, it’s like they are almost the same person. At this point I’m going to assume they’re all Russian trolls. Only here to cause discord against left and right. We live in a bubble here on Asheville Reddit. I imagine they re posting “I’m Communist going to fuck your grandma, when Biden wins.” On whatever shitty version of Right wing reddit that they all fled too to.   I’ll assume anyone who fits this cunty contrarian, pattern is an enemy of the people.  ...well until they provide me some links that prove otherwise.
I respectfully disagree.
You keep trying to discredit OP by claiming an absence of evidence and he keeps serving you up evidence.  It's a really obnoxious technique for arguing on the internet, constantly changing the goalposts and then demanding proof, but it's effective.  Most people get worn out and just give up.  I commend OP for his stamina.
I commend you for your patience and thoroughness in dealing with these trolls.  Next they’ll be demanding your birth certificate and tax returns.
FFS, you do realize that even that article you linked states they are still reporting to the state govern emend as well..... right?
Interestingly enough Trollurkey that article you linked is specifically about double reporting, and is dated from July 16th...... So do you have any other fictions you’re going to try and peddle?
“Double reporting 100% does not happen.” - You two posts ago......  You feeling ok today buddy, you’re even more inconsistent than usual!
Incorrect Trollurkey.  I’m not certain if you’re particularly bad at reading comprehension today, or just your usual troll self.    Either way, you’re statements are untrue.  Of course it comes as no shock, since you seem to enjoy spreading fear and disinformation......

Question about positive coronavirus case in AVL office

what is name of your business?
Jesus 40 people and two bathrooms!? Stay out of there, advise any co-workers who will listen to do the same. What kind of employer would have you working under these conditions right now? Shameful.
I would simply tell those you have concern for that you are concerned for them- have they thought about quarantining and/or testing? You could make it like a short and sweet little 'thinking of you' text. Just an idea for if that feels right :)
> Any thoughts or advice?      Your bosses don't give a shit about you? It's difficult to imagine an office in the 21st century that can't be moved to a work-from-home situation in a pandemic.   Likely the same kind of bosses that insist you work from home during a winter storm that keeps people from work.
Quit whining and get back to work, don’t be a wuss about the Rona. It only takes the weak, if that.
I ETA there are stalls in each bathroom. It's never been a problem and when we returned to the office after closing for 6 weeks starting in March, we had rotating shifts and sanitizing in between shifts. Now we have a confirmed positive and they aren't doing anything other than closing for half a day for sanitizing. We have all been in the office since the person with symptoms was there (and prior to sanitization), so I don't even know what good sanitizing is doing at this point.
Just stop. You sound like a combination of the preteens in my neighborhood and the ignorant hillbillies I keep seeing in the news. Seriously, do you ever stop to think and care about what you put out into the world?
Truly inspirational. Thank you for the well thought out and informative advice.
I'm not sure what sanitizing even between shifts would do for you, unless the bathroom is being sanitized after each use....either way, stay out of there as long as you can.

