Hops Burger Bar temporarily closing all restaurants after employees test positive for COVID-19

Cool on them for being up front about it. I am sure some assholes out there might hit them with stigma because of stories like this, but the fact that they made it public and responded in the way that they did is something we all know other restaurants aren't doing right now.
Dang. Hops take out is one of the things that gave a small sense of normalcy. :p Wishing the staff the best!
This sucks because the one time I did curbside pickup it seemed like they were taking all the necessary precautions. Glad they decided not to hide it and protect their employees.
So I was at Hops this weekend. The one on Lawndale...
We should trust honest people and companies more and trust the ones who hide shit less.
Dangit, this post just reminded me that I should be calling Hops for takeout... but now they're closed!
employees testing sick doesn't necessarily mean they were infected at work or because of working
Source for these claims?
100% agreed and never said they were infected at work.   I was saying it sucks because I'm not comfortable with takeout at all my favorite restaurants because not everywhere is taking the proper precautions. Having one less option available to me sucks.
Yea ditto and this isn’t the info I’ve received so sup with your suspicious 1 day account and non sourced claims?  E: Deleted last comment for too much info and because suspicious 1 day account deleted all their comments pertinent to this discussion  E2: it appears /u/gsotruth has also deleted their account

Free COVID 19 test and voter registration
369 Air Harbor Rd, Greensboro, NC 27455Big Church (Calvary Baptist)
10am-1pm  Registration at this site: https://onsms.org/covid19-rsvp/
Do you have any details on the type of test they’re using? There’s no restriction?
This is awesome.
Didn’t do the registration (didn’t know about it) and it wasn’t an issue. May just be a nice help for them. In and out in under an hour
Does it end at 1pm? Will they be doing another?
Don’t know enough about others to describe. Just the nasal swab. Run by old North State
Oh, good!
It ends at 1pm. The link has a form at the bottom if you want to be notified about other free testing they are doing.
Thanks.

Point-of-Care/Rapid COVID-19 Testing
My wife was told she must wait 7 days for COVID test results. Is anyone aware of sites in the Triad that provide Point-of-Care testing with same day results?
Just heard they are sending all of the fast test kits to Florida. So 8 hour drive to Jacksonville, perhaps just a 24 hour wait. Ymmv.
My partner was tested at the wake forest urgent care on Pisgah Church Rd last thursday, had his results back the next day.
I was told 10 days at FastMed. I think everywhere is delayed at least 5 days, according to the Governor last week.
Amazing. Thanks.

