Covid-19 at restaurant in uptown
Employee at this place, throwaway account because I dont want to be fired.Fahrenheit in uptown had two employees test positive for Covid the other day.  They have been told to self-quarantine, with one choosing to quit I think. Not trying to screw over where I work, but I figured people should know since i don't think they need to tell no one.  Everyone does a really good job wearing masks and gloves and sanitizing and the people in the front of house do the same, not sure how they got it.
"Everyone does a really good job wearing masks and gloves and sanitizing and the people in the front of house do the same, not sure how they got it."  I mean, the answer could reasonably be "not at work", right?  Or "from working in an enclosed environment where customers aren't wearing masks (obviously, if they're eating)".  Wearing a mask yourself has only limited value against getting infected.  The real value in wearing a mask is protecting others in case you are infected.  At least that's what the science says. ( [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/cloth-face-cover-guidance.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/cloth-face-cover-guidance.html) )
Thank you for putting the word out, I'm going to make sure the management of a different rooftop bar downtown that is trying to open soon sees this. Too many places are rushing this shit, and I'm tired of being both essential and seemly expendable at the same time.
> Everyone does a really good job wearing masks and gloves and sanitizing and the people in the front of house do the same, not sure how they got it.  All the ‘best practices’ just lower your chance of infection. They don’t prevent it. Working with each other for hours every day increases the odds.   Though my experience working at a restaurant years ago, people hung out after hours all the time. They may be great following best practices at work but not so great after hours, and the two infected may have hung out with each other.   What I’m saying is it might not be related to their employment but to their friendship.
> not sure how they got it.   Bro like 3 million people in the US have it, and people will continue to get it. Especially when restaurants are open and people are choosing to eat there.  Anyway, thanks for this post.
Thank you very much for the update!  If you haven’t already, please report it to the state department of labor and health. If two people contracted it, either the restaurant isn’t doing a good job containing it like they’re saying, or they may have contracted it from somewhere else.  Either way, it’s a serious health threat to everyone.
I’m not saying this isn’t true, but is it really a good idea that we start accepting anonymous people posting unconfirmed info about other people’s medical conditions?   I feel like historically this has never been a good idea.
As a reminder, it doesn't matter if only one side is wearing masks, the other side has to as well.  Masks help prevent the wearer from transmitting.
Is the restaurant supposed to close down? I don’t know the procedures for when this happens.
If we had a functional government, everyone working at the restaurant and anyone having visited the restaurant would be quarantined. But since we have a dysfunctional government, we have to resort to Reddit to get the word out. The consequence of this is that we won’t control the virus, and it is just a matter of time before all restaurants are shut down again.  This is the ultimate trade-off we make. We can either socially distance everyone or socially distance targeted groups where there is more risk. The less capable we are of contact tracing and quarantining targeted groups, the more we will have to use a brute force approach by shutting everything down again.
Angry Ale's on Montford also had an employee test positive. As far as I know they've kept it secret and aren't doing anything. Super disappointed. Stay safe, everyone. Covid is as bad as it's ever been.  Edit: I do want to be fair and say I heard this through the grapevine from people who know people who work there.
I love Fahrenheit
The bar I work at has already decided if anyone ever tests positive, we are shutting down for 2 weeks. And whenever someone gets tested they aren't working until they come back negative. So basically I'm waiting on my results, so I'm off the schedule until they come on. If I'm negative, I go back. If I'm positive, we shut down. I think that's how it should be. Thank you for letting us know there are positive cases at Fahrenheit. Transparency is very important when it comes to this.
Heard The Waterman shut down for a couple of weeks recently cause of a case. They should be reopened by now.
Thanks. Report it to a local news station. They’ll follow-up.
They got it because masks and hand sanitizing aren't all the protective.  And the guests not wearing masks when they eat is going to cause cases.
Thanks. I’ve been there a couple times and never had a problem, but I would think getting in front of the problem instead of reading a reddit comment would do better things for the long term success of the restaurant. I’ll go there again in a month or two just because you posted this
How are you not hurting people by doing this? I’m sure your coworkers really appreciate you putting a dent in business. I don’t care so much about the owners, thought it definitely sucks for them too, but for everyone who depends on tips, you’re really putting a dent in things no doubt. As the son of a restaurant franchise owner, I can *assure* you that the last thing any store/restaurant owner wants right now is COVID in their facility, and they will do anything and everything to remedy the situation if one springs up.
Not sure if they let anybody else know, I’m sure they will if they are required. But I know they said to not hit anybody up about it and to keep hush about social media stuff about it. They trying to make money so I get it, but I’m all about transparency and figured people should know and make a decision on truth. They didn’t say anything about shutting down either, so who knows about that...
This same feeling of “our group is safe” gets a lot of people in trouble, particularly churches and the like. I know of a church that meets and sings with a choir that nobody wears a mask. I am sure this is very common, but it would seem that several examples online show this is a terrible idea.
This can be done anonymously too. You could be saving someone’s life
>	but is it really a good idea that we start accepting anonymous people posting unconfirmed info   No but that’s social media these days. If people want to believe it or it supports their biases then it’s true. If they don’t want to believe it or if goes against their views then it’s false.
It’s not like his story is that far fetched with the number of people who have recently been infected...though I get what you mean should businesses start to “anonymously “ post that competitors have COVID outbreaks
Under the current circumstances and the tone of the post, I'm failing to see an issue with taking this person's post into consideration. Especially with the fact that this is more common than one might think (I have many friends in the bar and restaurant industry around the area).   I'd be more inclined to agree with you if this were a personal attack naming employees, or calling for people to avoid the business.
Just found this https://www.newsobserver.com/living/food-drink/article243565337.html
Then don't post it in the first place if it's not verified. That would really suck if Angry Ale's now loses some business because of something that may not be true.
HIPPA.
Just out of curiosity, are you getting unemployment when you shut down for 2 weeks? I hope so!
No need to be rude.....the employee was just trying to put the word out because the restaurant was trying to keep it hush hush. If anything they should be contacting anyone who has been there since the employees contracted COVID19. Not sure if they have done that or not (op didn’t explicitly say) but I used to work there.....wouldn’t surprise me if they didn’t tell anyone.
We have a restaurant here in Winston Salem that had a couple employees test positive recently. They were very open about it on social media. The health department told them that they are not required to shut down, so they did not shut down. The parking lot is packed every time I drive past it.
> I’m sure they will if they are required.   My boyfriend owns a local establishment, they are not required to report anything to anyone.  >But I know they said to not hit anybody up about it and to keep hush about social media stuff about it.   Honestly kinda weird that you think they would report this to anyone while simultaneously trying to keep their employees silent on it in public.
McDonald’s near me shut down for most of a day and had a contractor come in and do a deep clean. Surely the Fahrenheit people are not doing less than McDonald’s?
Yeah I definitely don’t want people to just stop coming. I’d be out of a job. Wasn’t a fan of the “hush hush”, so I figured I’d speak up. I can say we all take sanitation and stuff seriously, they see you with a mask off you get written up. Glove changing, hand washing, we do a lot. It’s only fair people know the situation.
This being posted by someone with the username "AmeliesSupporter" seems so on brand.
One warehouse store in Winston had a case, they were told to not post anything on social media
One in Salisbury shut down, the owner said it was a voluntary closure, one employee positive afaik.
It is possible they had a crew come in at night and deep clean. Or maybe they even do every night. Don’t be quick to judge without knowing the whole story.
Where was this? You can dm me if you’re worried about online exposure. I ask because my grandparents live there
I’m talking McDonald’s had a contractor come in hazmat suits and full respirators and do the kind of cleaning that requires wearing a respirator. I’m not saying they didn’t do this but based on the post it doesn’t sound like it.
Casa Grande on Jake Alexander
Ditto with wanting to know, please!
I’ll be going out of my way to eat there.  They handled this the right way
Casa Grande on Jake Alexander
It's a good place, the owner is a very nice guy, they have a shockingly good burger for a Mexican restaurant

Covid-19 at Saurez Bakery
Saurez bakery had an employee develop symptoms and then eventually test positive for Covid. They announced it on their Instagram but didn’t tell employees or vendors (which I was) Just wanted to put this out there because the employee was a cake decorator which means they came in contact with your food.
The Park Rd location or Optimist Hall?
Can we cool it with the witch hunt.  Also WHO and the CDC both agree that food born COVID-19 risk is low.  [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/daily-life-coping/food-and-COVID-19.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/daily-life-coping/food-and-COVID-19.html)  [https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/question-and-answers-hub/q-a-detail/questions-relating-to-consumers](https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/question-and-answers-hub/q-a-detail/questions-relating-to-consumers)
Oh no! Thanks for letting us know. I went there last week to pick up food. I washed my hands really well aftwards and had a mask on. Good to know.  (Park rd location) I did not know they had one at optimist hall
The part about coming in contact with the food is really really dumb. Stop this fear-mongering bullshit. Unless the employee really licked the cake and the consumer licked it immediately, the risk is relatively low. This type of stupid only hurts the local businesses.
Park road sorry for the late reply I’ve been on the road
Educating/alerting the public so that they can make informed decisions =! a witch hunt. Contact tracing like this is literally one of the best tools we currently have for stopping the spread (along with masks, distance, and hygiene).
Paul told me that Mary has a cousin named Glenda who once walked past Suarez Bakery without a mask on. We really need to cancel Paul, Mary, and Glenda because they're gross.  &#x200B;  Can I get an upvote??
Good for you for doing your civic duty with the mask, but the employee was the one who hopefully had one on
Yeah that part was wrong, but coming in contact with the employee is indeed important information.
Contact Tracing starts with people who may have spent an extended period of time in close contact to a positive case. It isn't telling everyone that they better get tested if they bought and ate a pastry at some point in the last week.
Yup, I did not argue that it wasn't possible. Possible while not probable.  Based upon all of what we have observed thus far, you are getting COVID-19 from another person where the virus likes to live rather than a surface(fomite) where a virus might be able to live.   Let's take all the caution possible by following the 3 W's but can we avoiding giving people Monk level anxiety while at the same time driving hard working people out of business.
Actually, the criteria for testing and isolating people is very much dependent on the availability of resources and the degree of spread. In countries where the virus is highly contained, they have tended to test and contact trace in a more extreme fashion, i.e. not only the people who came in contact but even second-degree contacts, those who have come in contact with contacts.   Our approach to controlling this virus has been handicapped by our lack of sufficient testing and contact tracing resources. And, of course, once the number of cases grows out of control, our testing and contact tracing capabilities become even less adequate to meet demand.   However, to put things into perspective, if we really had our shit together, we would test every employee and every customer who had contact with the business. This is exactly what other countries are doing who have been highly successful in containing the virus. The fact that we are incapable of doing this and that the cases have spiraled beyond our testing/tracing capabilities is why we are failing compared to other countries.   We are always one step behind this virus, where our reaction is inadequate to meet the challenge. This is why daily new cases is 25-30X higher now in NC than in Spain or Italy, and its going to get much worse.   Sadly, we will likely reach a point where everything has to shut down again. This is the consequence of not testing and tracing in a sufficiently in aggressive, targeted fashion.
>It isn't telling everyone that they better get tested if they bought and ate a pastry at some point in the last week.   Well in that case, good thing nobody is suggesting that! Nice try with the strawman though, solid effort.
I'm not concerned with the *probability* of becoming sick - what is concerning is that other people, without speaking to me, will get to decide if they will expose me to the sickness.   For example, if I decide to drive drunk with you in the car, I *probably* won't crash. And even if I do, you'll *probably* be fine. But wouldn't you like to know ahead of time and make your own decision regarding your own safety?  If there is a positive case, then let the public know.  Either the public won't care and will continue to use the business, or they will stay home. Either way, it's the public's choice. And nobody can make a fully informed decision if facts are being withheld.
I remember back in Feb/March thinking "well as long as we don't end up like Italy"...
>didn’t tell employees or vendors (which I was) Just wanted to put this out there because the employee was a cake decorator which means they came in contact with your food.  You read this part right?

CMS presents plans for opening 2020-2021 school year - CMS has proposed 3 possible contingency plans for the upcoming school year depending on how COVID-19 progresses in the next month. Full PDF presentation link in comments.

Good for them to start the planning, but even in scenario B, I don't think it's feasible to have students on campus. There's no way that elementary school kids can maintain social distancing and masking. Hell, I have doubt that even high school students would do it.
As a matter of clarification, every school system in the state was asked to develop these three contingency plans for operation, with the final selection to be made after the announcement from the Governor of what the plans would be. That was supposed to happen yesterday, and as of yet we don't know when the new announcement will be made in the future.
I’ve been a high school teacher in CMS for the last five years, and the fact that a Plan A is even on the table is wild to me.  First, masks will be virtually unenforceable. We have a hard enough time with daily parent complaints and kids pushing back against tardies, dress code, and cell phones, and we’re pretty lenient about them these days — could you imagine if there’s a mortality rate attached to those things now? With the spike in cases, there’s no way our schools don’t become hotbeds within a few weeks.  Second, I hear a lot of talk about students’ mental health. I agree that this is a HUGE issue. By the end of quarantine teaching, I had students signing up for my tutoring slots just so they could talk to someone.  But what would be more devastating is the fact that the mortality rate would be for sure above zero in a high school with a few thousand students. When anyone dies in a school, we go into full crisis mode — grief counselors, student monitoring, etc. — and the grief can last years for students. Imagine if that were even three or four people? It would be devastating.  I hear a lot of parents talking about how we HAVE to reopen to in-person school as soon as possible because they can’t arrange childcare, their students are losing learning, etc. All of these things are important, but none of them are more important than a child’s life.
Full PDF here -> https://www.cms.k12.nc.us/cmsdepartments/csh/covid-19/Documents/Back%20to%20School%20-%20School%20Board%20Presentation.pdf
There is no chance schools will be ready or able to handle Plan A or B.
No vaccine no schools should be the answer. We fucked up our response so now there is zero chance we have it under control enough to open schools. 100% of resources and time should be going towards figuring out a full online school year for all kids. Indoors for prolonged periods is the number 1 way covid spreads, reopening schools is lunacy.
A risk factor many people don't take into consideration: Do you know who is working the high exposure jobs at grocery stores and restaurants all summer? High schoolers. They're at a fairly high risk of contracting the virus. Many of them work those jobs during the school year as well. I'm really worried about schools becoming sites for massive spread.
Thanks for posting, OP!  It's not perfect, but I do appreciate the thorough approach. From earlier information I've seen I hadn't heard of any attention being paid to ventilation issues, which are one of the biggest safety factors based on the latest research. They have addressed that about as well as you can.  It sounds like they have an online curriculum ready to go for K-8 if they need to move to that. I hope they are working on the same for core 9-12 classes as well.   I have an issue with a few things though. Plan A should be off the table entirely for this fall at this point, but I guess it does give guidelines for how we will eventually fully reopen, so I'm glad they thought through it. I don't like that students can be excused from wearing masks just based on a parent saying they're exempt. I would prefer a doctor note and/or they stay home and work online.   Also I don't see much discussion about how they respond to cases in the school or a sudden outbreak of cases. Is there a situation that automatically triggers a switch from Plan B to Plan C? Is there a regular evaluation of whether to stay in the current plan or switch? There probably should be, as hesitation can result in pretty fast spread. It could be that they are looking to the state for guidance on such a situation, which is something I wish they did less of. If there's a corect option to keep kids and staff safe, just do it without having to be told to. Loss of a few days of instruction to get it right is better than being a hotspot.
Did anyone else notice in Plan B that bus routes need to be set by July 6 in order to meet the August 17 date? How quickly can they get transportation figured out if they decide on Plan B in 2-3 weeks? On the other hand, there are some counties that have already made decisions, so that families can plan and adjust accordingly. I understand CMS was waiting on the governor, which makes me think they wanted Plan A, but at some point you’ve got to move forward if all your other decisions are time sensitive.
I think it's worth reading the American Academy of Pediatrics' recommendation on returning to school.   [https://services.aap.org/en/pages/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-infections/clinical-guidance/covid-19-planning-considerations-return-to-in-person-education-in-schools/](https://services.aap.org/en/pages/2019-novel-coronavirus-covid-19-infections/clinical-guidance/covid-19-planning-considerations-return-to-in-person-education-in-schools/)   The big takeway from me, literally put in bold by them, is below:  \>  With the above principles in mind, **the AAP strongly advocates that all policy considerations for the coming school year should start with a goal of having students physically present in school**.   Also,  \> Although many questions remain, the preponderance of evidence indicates that children and adolescents are less likely to be symptomatic and less likely to have severe disease resulting from SARS-CoV-2 infection. In addition, children may be less likely to become infected and to spread infection.    Obviously it's not 100% safe, and we still have to consider the health and safety of all the adults interacting with the children, but I think it's worth considering the health downsides of keeping kids out of school as well. I'm not saying one side is right or wrong but I saw this and thought it was really important for these kinds of discussions.  Personally, I think we are long overdue for some kind of contact tracing app. Most people have long surrendered data privacy for convenience and the like.... contact tracing would make containing outbreaks and monitoring community health that much easier IMO.
The sad reality is that without plan A, this leaves too many working parents struggling. My husband is physically back at work. I’ll be out of the home 3 days of the week on campus. What happens to our kids? My 15 year old will have to be in charge of 3 younger siblings. We can’t afford childcare. I have 2 kids with IEPs, 1 of them went largely unmet during the spring. I highly doubt my 1st, 4th and 6th graders can manage getting online to classes. They certainly won’t work independently with no supervision. What are single parent households supposed to do? Households where both parents work full time? I know a lot of people want to say stuff like “Better than being dead.” but that’s completely obtuse and unreasonable and we know it at this point.
My kids charter has a similar plan. If anyone is exposed or shows symptoms and comes to school everyone has to quarantine for 14 days. That’s the same rule my sisters charter has. I imagine CMS will have a similar policy.
This has all been extremely stressful. My daughter is going to kindergarten this upcoming school year. How can you have school safely with kids this young? Thinking of all the parents out there especially the ones who can't afford to stay out of work and the teachers. I'll be glad when this nightmare is over.  Just saw there is a daycare in Charlotte where five kids tested positive and a worker. Schools will be a lot worse.
Are we safe to assume that all CMS sports will be cancelled this year?
Change my mind: more kids will die from complications from schools not reopening than kids will die from covid after going back to school.  Not to mention 50% of all child abuse reports come from teachers. So there’s issues like that as well.
I'm not knowledgeable enough on public health to have an educated opinion on the best way to open schools, but one factor I'll point out:  A lot of families rely on elementary schools for food and child care during the day.  There's absolutely a need to control community spread, but there is also a very tangible downside to not going back in the fall to many families not even related to education directly.  I feel like we're going to be trying to chose the lesser of two evils.
Getting kids back to school is critical for most economic activities to return to normal.  Most parents can't afford to stay home with their kids, they miss work, lose their job, start missing payments, and it becomes a death spiral.  Likewise, businesses lose their workers, but can't hire new ones because they can't compete with the COVID-supplemented unemployment income (a whole other debate for another time).  Honestly we should be rewinding so many of the things we've opened in favor of prioritizing school opening above all other openings.  How we haven't treated children and education as a top priority through this thing is something I will never understand.
Elementary school kids are exempt from wearing masks.
Masks are only a recommendation for elementary. Only required for middle/high.   A bigger issue is having everyone on campus =  virus spread.  Remote learning also won’t work because not everyone has WiFi and a computer. Schools will need to provide computers but it’s still hard to get internet to some kids so cellular/WiFi cards for laptops?  And of course, child care for any plan other than A is a massive issue.   Also, there is an option for ANY kid to ask to be remote the entire year regardless of plan.
My daughter crabs after wearing her mask for 10 minutes. No way could she make it through a whole school day, let alone the rest of the year.
I feel like they put A out there with NO intention of it happening, so that if B is chosen it won't be the WORST choice of what was proposed. It's a classic case of setting a reference point. One of my kids attends one of the largest public schools in the state (we have several in Mecklenburg). A massive outbreak among students and staff could expose hundreds or even thousands of friends and family/community members in a short period of time. And multiply that by schools all around the state. Right now it looks like around 80% of school aged children are asymptomatic, so they may not even "look" like they have COVID-19 until someone in their circle catches it from them. I am sympathetic to working parents and the economic effects of further caution but I'm not willing to compromise the health of my friends, family, and neighbors over school. You can catch up on education - you can't un-catch a contagious disease.
High school teacher here as well. I totally agree. Anyone pointing out that kids are less likely to have complications is also missing the point. So many of my students live with grandparents. Many of my colleagues are high risk as well.
I'm really glad to have your voice in this thread.  I absolutely agree with everything that you've posted here.  What COVID and the response that we've gotten so far in this country has done is put us all in a heartbreaking catch-22 when it comes to our children, especially - they're all hurting to get their social interaction back, but putting them at risk for the sake of "normality" seems like a big ask.  It's become such an impossible situation that it seems like there are no right answers, but Plan A is absolutely the wrong answer.  Just seems like it's there because they have to say, "Well, we DID think about opening as normal but the Governor said we couldn't" to anyone who would want to complain.  The level of anxiety that will surround everyone going into this new school year will be palpable and I know it won't be easy.  But I'm hoping for you that whatever transitions are coming that they are met with the minimum of resistance from students... and most of all, parents :)
As a high school counselor in CMS, I couldn't agree more with your post.
Love your name man
It's like we're never using an objective measure. "Ok, if it gets worse than it is right now, we'll do something about it." One week later: "Ok, it's worse, but not by enough to close."  We closed schools last spring in a much better scenario than we're in now. Early on, it was stated that if any students or staff were infected, that would trigger closures. Now we have a plan that explains what we'll do to keep going after isolating the sick. Asymptomatic spread is still the issue. We're on an irresponsible slippery slope right now. I hate that there are no concrete metrics for plans A, B, and C. It's all by feel.  I wholeheartedly agree with your point about indoor exposure. The fact that people still say 6 feet like it's a magical rule shows we aren't updating our understanding of the virus or we're willfully clinging to outdated knowledge to put on health safety theater. Feeling better about putting people at risk still puts people at risk.
Well... I see where you’re coming from, but after three months of in-home schooling last semester, I’m actually worried about my daughter’s education. A “no vaccine, no school” policy needs to come with something better than a zoom meeting for an hour a day, a couple hours worth of assignments and the bulk of instruction coming from parents.
Fully agree. They can spend the time and resources fully developing an online curriculum and the synchronous/asynchronous instruction plans. Plan A doesn't even seem possible and Plan B can't possibly go far enough/be enforced properly to keep students safe.
> Plan A should be off the table entirely for this fall at this point  Agreed.  My daughter is a rising 5th grader and I went through the PDF with her this morning.  I told her that in all likelihood it would be scenario B, with lots of focus on hand washing and other safety precautions.  > Also I don't see much discussion about how they respond to cases in the school or a sudden outbreak of cases. Is there a situation that automatically triggers a switch from Plan B to Plan C?  I also wondered about this - I'm hoping that they'll have a FAQ after the questions start pouring in to the hotline they have set up.
> I understand CMS was waiting on the governor, which makes me think they wanted Plan A, but at some point you’ve got to move forward if all your other decisions are time sensitive.  100% agreed.  Plan A just seems bonkers at this point in time - there isn't going to be some miraculous turn that obliterates the threat of COVID in the time between now and August 17.  Figuring out bus routes is one thing but the parents who are going to have to shuffle things around for Plan B are going to need the lead time as well to figure out work schedules, childcare, transportation, etc.
Other countries closed before CMS in the spring because they waited on the state then too. I wish they would be more proactive.
I really enjoyed this thread from r/Teachers about the AAP’s recommendations. I’m not going to drag them because I believe we should listen to the experts, but I did find a lot of the snark hilarious: https://www.reddit.com/r/Teachers/comments/hi6eik/breaking_news_american_academy_of_pediatrics_is/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf  My favorite comment thread: “I'll go back to school if pediatricians agree to treat groups of 25-35 children in one room...and with flexible mask requirements for the kids... for eight hours a day... at a third of their usual pay.”
Thank you. I have to work and I can't work from home. Assuming that every family has one adult who can be home full-time is asinine. Children are going to be left unattended, or with siblings, neighbors, sitters, or grandparents. They're not all going to be staying indoors safe and supervised by a parent.  Paying families so one person *can* stay home would help. Extending the extra $600/week past July 25th would help, for parents who are unemployed. Working out some kind of childcare solution long-term for *at least* the children of essential workers would help. I don't see any of these things happening.
I wonder how long it would take before everyone's in quarantine. Or until so many teachers are in quarantine that there aren't enough adults left to run the school.  I imagine it'll be really hard to get subs, too.  Edit: I just realized I may have misunderstood. Is the plan already for the whole school to shut down for 14 days so people can quarantine if someone has shown symptoms?
what complications are you expecting to cause death?
CMS schools have been supplying meals to students in need during the shutdown, so we do have that covered at least. Balancing childcare and working is a huge issue. A lot of teachers will have children at home too, which complicates things further.  They try to stick to school hours for planned learning, which is understandable, but more flexibility in schedules might make things easier too.  Some teachers are posting their lessons online (so students can watch them later) and are available for office hours or tutoring online. Make sure to ask about these options if you're having trouble helping kids with work.
You’re forgetting lives. Many teachers are in the age bracket that is most impacted by COVID-19. Additionally, many children now a days are raised by their grandparents or have grandparents in the same household which puts them at risk as well. As a teacher, I know for a fact that if schools start back up, it won’t be long before COVID spreads and quarantines become unfeasible.
Essentially, we've squandered our opportunity to control the virus. To put things into perspective, our daily case rate is now 25-30X higher in NC per capita than in Spain and Italy.  The goal of a lockdown should have been to bring down the numbers low enough to control through testing and contact tracing. We failed to ramp up tests and contact tracing adequately, and we didn't lockdown long enough to bring numbers to a manageable level.  As schools reopen and the seasons change, it is likely that we will transition from linear growth to exponential growth, as our containment measures fail to keep up. I wouldn't be surprised that kids go back to school but then a month later are forced to stay at home.   There is one unpredictable variable though. We don't know how much kids contribute to transmission. We don't have enough evidence. By late September/early October, we will have evidence, as schools are opening all around the world and scientists will be watching the numbers.
Well, it’s not like it was a priority prior to COVID either.   Which is weird because the key to the success of our economy with or without COVID is the same, open and successful schools and education.
If all students have to stay home the only companies that will be unwilling to work around these issues are going to be the same companies that ask unreasonable things during good times.
Exempt is putting it a bit strong. They are still encouraged/asking them to do so it just isn’t mandatory.
Get her a better quality mask. Seriously if surgeons can’t wear them, so can your child.   My kid is doing extra curricular activities  with his mask on and has no complained once. He’s 7. He knows the severity
Is she allergic to wearing certain materials? Does this also happen with surgical masks?
Thanks, /u/hawaiinchick88!
Yes but most businesses closed or moved to WFH as well. It won’t be that way this time around. Families will lose their houses and healthcare if they aren’t able to work bc their kids have to learn from home.   Any kid under 6th grade (even that’s a stretch for many) can’t be trusted at home alone to do their work or to not burn down the house.   Elementary will have to be on a normal schedule or the economic impacts now and longer term (a less educated generation) will be pretty severe. Parents can’t just drop everything. It’s not a legitimate strategy. For poorer children even a few days not in a classroom could leave their family in ruin.
I feel like Plan B would turn into Plan C in most scenarios where things get out of control. Proactive measures will get us through this pandemic faster. When will we learn that? When we're the last country still dealing with this?
Yeah, I do like that they're showing the plans in detail so there is some time for public feedback. They're making a great effort at a challenging task. I love that you talked through it all with your daughter.
The fact that you went over the plans with your daughter to make sure she’s mentally prepared is wonderful. Our kids need this kind of positive parental guidance now more than ever.
Our is just that class and teacher must quarantine for 14 days. It’s going to just be tons of fun.
Families losing homes, not having enough to eat, children being unsupervised or inadequately supervised, children at the mercy of abusive parents who are extra stressed and not getting a break right now...
Thanks - I read the article and didn't catch a note of it for 2020, could be in the PDF to be fair.  My point is primarily that this is an incredibly complex, multifaceted issue.
A half trillion dollars went out to support companies during Covid-19. I'm sure they could pay people to stay home long enough to actually get this under control. We shouldn't have reopened when we did. Staying open is just doubling down on the problem.
Unless I’m reading it wrong Plan B is mostly Plan C because the kids would rotate in three groups only attending classes every three weeks. Seems to me it is an unnecessary cost and risk to go through the charade of increasing school hygiene, adapting transportation routes (and in all likelihood extending the travel time to and from school to accommodate lower bus capacities), and making teachers have in school and online lesson plans. Just go with C, give parents time to plan for this rather than leave them in limbo, and then hope we can get the numbers in line. I don’t understand why we can’t get buy in on being proactive, but then again we can’t get people to do basic things in the name of civic responsibility.
Absolutely. I only know more of the details because I'm a teacher.
Yea and that money was to bridge losses from March-June. Not enough for several years.  Not every business has the ability to wfh. I work for a manufacturing company, if we aren’t there we don’t make $$.
You being sure they could and the reality that they very likely won’t are two separate things.
This is true. And I'm skeptical about the idea that doing online and remote will be the same amount of work for teachers because it can be split up between online only and in person teachers. Actually applying that would get complicated fast. And making online only teachers report to the school building for plan B is a silly risk.

How many North Carolinians have had COVID-19? These researchers have an estimate.

Essentially, this means we are only 10% of the way towards herd immunity. We have a long way to go!
For some reason the article fails to mention an actual NC antibody study, not just an estimate, that is finding that 12-14% of people in NC have antibodies. Big Wake Forest study. [https://www.wfae.org/post/wake-forest-covid-study-death-rate-severity-symptoms-lower-first-thought#stream/0](https://www.wfae.org/post/wake-forest-covid-study-death-rate-severity-symptoms-lower-first-thought#stream/0)
Preliminary studies are showing that antibodies may not last more than three months, especially in asymptomatic carriers, which is the majority of those theorized to be untested. If this turns out to be true, then herd immunity will be impossible to achieve without a vaccine, and it will most likely need to be administered every year.    [https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-020-0965-6](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41591-020-0965-6)
That’s actually not quite true. Here’s an NYT article that translates these findings for the lay person:  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/18/health/coronavirus-antibodies.html  Essentially, there are other forms of immunity besides antibodies. There is still a good chance these other forms of immunity will last longer than a few months. And the study itself is based on limited data. If you think about it, vaccines rely on inducing immunity in the same way the virus does. So, if immunity truly only lasts for a few months, then the same would be true of immunity induced by a vaccine.  It is still likely that immunity will last a year or more, although it may weaken over time. A key question is whether a yearly vaccine to 90% of the population would be enough to bring down the R0 to below 1. If so, then the virus could be eradicated if enough of the population complied.
Yeah there’s still lots of research that needs to happen.  Immunity could last longer, but it’s probably not life long. And if you think about the disaster and death we’ve gone through to only get to “maybe” 10%, then reaching herd immunity over and over again isn’t really feasible. Also the vaccine is showing higher levels of antibodies than those who had the virus so it could last longer, maybe. Still lots of science that needs to happen.
Or it would be a key question, if there were ever any hope of getting 90% of the population to get a vaccine. The antivaxxers will never let anyone inject Bill Gates' mind control chips into their bloodstream... </sarcasm>
yea this seriously worries me. honestly the fact that there are already so many conspiracy theories around corona leads me to think more people than usual will reject a vaccine

McCormick and Schmidt’s manager has tested positive for COVID-19.

Can you provide a source?

COVID-19 announcement Carolina Renaissance Festival

Makes sense, N95 Masks weren’t invented yet
My wife and I have been going every year since we met, it's sad we'll miss this year. I hope that our nation will buck up and get through this pandemic sooner rather than later.
Personally, I never liked going to Ren-fest, but it still saddens me  to see it closed. I know lots of people and kids love going to this and they are going to be very disappointed.
Those interested in supporting the community of touring artists who have been out of work, and with no reprieve in sight, can learn how to help at:    https://www.facebook.com/groups/FR2020
Thank you for not redirecting to Facebook.
Damnit where am I supposed to get my turkey leg fix now????
Yeah but isn’t getting plague part of the experience?
How about a virtual faire, hosted on your Facebook feed, showcasing local and traveling talent and shows where viewers can tip and learn about supporting and joining their Patreons?  Perhaps artisans can show their wares to purchased as well.
Yes!  Artists have been doing this since March and we have been posting updates about it on our Facebook page to help build awareness.    Here is one page that has been helping curate the effort “virtual” experience:  https://www.facebook.com/digitalrenfaire/  And the “Entertainment” page of our website includes links to several of the performer’s Facebook pages where they have been live streaming and posting updates on how to help.  https://www.carolina.renfestinfo.com/entertainment  And the “Artisan Marketplace” page on our website has links to several of the craft vendors’ websites, etsy pages, etc.  https://www.carolina.renfestinfo.com/artisan-marketplace
Awwwome!

Covid-19 in U.S. - Evolution 15 States with more Cases - From 1 April to 4 July


Officials have identified 16 people who tested positive for COVID-19 who all attended the Marvin Ridge High School graduation in Union County

Union County school board officials moved forward with the mass graduations in direct violation of Governor Cooper's Executive Order. The UC Sheriff's Office refused to uphold the Governor's order and prevent the gatherings taking place. Conditions of those infected, including any hospitalizations or deaths, have been withheld due to privacy laws.
union county board of education has been making headlines for all the wrong reasons lately.   [wbtv.com/2020/06/28/union-county-public-schools-address-insensitive-post-by-current-board-member/](https://wbtv.com/2020/06/28/union-county-public-schools-address-insensitive-post-by-current-board-member/)   [https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/local/article243965662.html](https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/local/article243965662.html)
Union County resident here: sounds about right. These idiots can’t make a good decision to save their lives.
I just want to add that union county currently has no budget for PPE for teachers (or students I don’t think). My mom is a teacher in the county, and in all their plans the County puts out, all they talk about is the “safety of the students”...what about teachers and staff?? My mom life is just as important as students’ lives!! Clearly the county doesn’t see it that way, and must think teachers are dispensable 🙄
I have a coworker who was secondarily infected from this hot spot. They stated the number of infected is quite a bit higher than this "official" number. Last I heard it was in the 20s and that didn't include those like my coworker that were not initially tested.
You should blame the school board and the sheriff for sure, but you should also blame those insane parents in Marvin. No politician wants to cross them and they protested to have their precious graduation. Imagine a little village filled with nothing but Karens from YouTube videos all of which are millionaires. A relatively small land mass of Marvin, Weddington, Wesley Chapel, and Waxhaw before you get to downtown control the entire county.
The attended the graduation how long ago?
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
This is a MAGA base area. They feel contracting Covid-19 is a sacrifice to Fuhrer Trump Almighty.   May the ventilators help them.
I'm going to this school next year god dammit
I graduated from Marvin Ridge in 2013. My neighbor who had a daughter graduate this year told me that parents/family were mostly not wearing masks and were sitting very close to each other. This is just embarrassing.
I think its fine to take the risks, not wear a mask...sure whatever your personal freedom dictates. But sign a waiver that states that if you do that, you acknowledge the right of medical professionals to deny you treatment. Why should others risk their lives because you were careless with yours. I have lots of family and friends in the profession that work in NYC and locally, and I just don't think its fair that when those that take the risk unnecessarily, then there should be REAL consequences! 1...2...3...Downvote GO! -\_-
The damn rednecks are going to kill us all.  Edit: ok I made a bad comment about Union county without realizing there's a pocket of rich people there.
My wife is a Union county school teacher and we watched the meeting yesterday where they voted to get rid of the Parkwood High School Rebels mascot name. It was 6-2 in favor of dropping Rebels, but you should have heard the arguments. You would have thought the cost of changing it would have been ridiculous!   The kicker is that by defying Cooper's graduation order, the county *could* have incurred $11,000 in fines but the good ol' sheriff wasn't going to stop one of the "most important moments in their life" according to one Board member. They are willing to risk thousands in fines but also argued that dropping Rebels might be too expensive. Hmmm.
Union county sheriff's office and school board have blood on their hands.
Generally agree, but if you're looking for some faith in humanity:  I'm also in Union County and feel like we've moved from 50/50 masks to 99% mask usage at the HT I use.  Here's to hoping that keeps up and people don't get over the immediacy of the issue.
Literally.
Teachers should be the focus given the medical proof saying children are not carriers, have lower death rate than the flu.
Until all the teachers, support staff and bus drivers get sick because no one is wearing a mask. THEN who is going to watch/teach/supervise your kids???
Yep! It was their decision.
I was in this graduation, it was June 24th  As a side note, cool to learn that I might have corona from Reddit and not the numerous official school accounts I follow
Graduation gathering was held 14 days ago on June 24th
No idea about this one, but I did see a different graduation (no idea what it was for) being held at Winget Park about 2 weeks ago. So it could be more recent than you may think- maybe they postponed the ceremony until after NC began re-opening?
Just anecdotally:  I live in Union County and my road is about a 55dem/45rep split for registered voters.  I'm sure it gets GOP-heavy the further out from Charlotte you get, but the entire county isn't exactly sporting MAGA hats.
You are a pathetic person.
Probably more likely going to this school next year online at the current rate of things. I live near the school, and surprised that they'd pull this asinine move.
If we decide this for other diseases, should we stop treating diabetes in obese purple?
Ha. Marvin Ridge is all rich kids. I'm not joking.      Free Lunch Program (% of total)  **2%**  Reduced-Price Lunch Program (% of total)  **0%**  Total Economically Disadvantaged (% of total) **2%**  Compared to say, Forest Hills, in Marshville:     Free Lunch Program (% of total) **54%**  Reduced-Price Lunch Program (% of total) **7%**  Total Economically Disadvantaged (% of total) **61%**   [https://www.usnews.com/education/best-high-schools/north-carolina/districts/union-county-public-schools/marvin-ridge-high-14736/student-body](https://www.usnews.com/education/best-high-schools/north-carolina/districts/union-county-public-schools/marvin-ridge-high-14736/student-body)
to your edit: Yep. Mostly Ballantyne across the county line. Not \_all\_ of it, but a whole lot of it.
Many that live in Marvin have moved here from New York and New Jersey, so not that redneck...
>The kicker is that by defying Cooper's graduation order, the county    >   >could   >   > have incurred $11,000 in fines but the good ol' sheriff wasn't going to stop one of the "most important moments in their life" according to one Board member. They are willing to risk thousands in fines but also argued that dropping Rebels might be too expensive. Hmmm.  Doesn't matter if your rich or not. There are rich rednecks. Have you not seen Duck Dynasty? lol
Don’t you mean spreadnecks?
So rich people cannot be rednecks??  Uhhmmm.......rich people don't ever kill people?? Only rednecks do??  The ignorance of the comments on Reddit is freaking mind boggling to me.  Millennials....(SMH & sigh)
It's almost like it has nothing to do with the cost.  Weird.
They got rid of the name?! Wow I’m honestly shocked they did that considering their dumb ass graduation decision. Any idea what they changed it to?
Fine??? According to what penal code?
Bloody sputum, at least.
Who died? That's terrible.
Idk which HT you’re shopping at, but definitely not 99% at the HTS I go to (Wesley Chapel & Cureton)....I think a lot of people don’t believe this is as serious as it is, and won’t believe it until they or someone they know personally gets sick unfortunately
Exactly! Or even if they gave teachers’ lives the same amount of concern they do the students’ lives. It’s really upsetting to me to watch my mom deal with the stress of the upcoming school year and whether or not she’ll have to go back in person unprotected. She has an autoimmune disease and is especially vulnerable and scared about going back because of it. She’s cried a few times bc  of how overwhelming this is, she feels like the people at the top don’t give a shit about her or other teachers. It’s really heartbreaking and we can’t do anything to help or change it
Pretty sure it was scheduled for Friday June 12th, not sure if it was postponed or rescheduled though.
Same, but it doesn’t matter cause our district is gerrymandered to shit. Seriously, have you seen the district 9 lines? It’s ridiculous
Unlike you apathetic MAGAts who decided this was a good idea. Continue to super spread like IMPOTUS instructs you to do so. Meanwhile, he’ll be vacationing in a beachside, golf resort bunker while his followers suffer and die for his idiotic cause.   Hopefully your county has enough ICU beds but I highly doubt that. Enjoy!
I recently moved to the area, is the school district always this dumb?   Like there's a pandemic going on guys, STAY HOME DAMMIT.
You can be born with Diabetes without exposure to anyone that has diabetes.
If diabetes ever became a contagious virus, yes.
Graduated from Cuthbertson right next door to Marvin and can confirm we are mostly all upper-middle class or rich kids
Marvin is the wealthiest zip code in NC I believe.
Marvin and Marshville are in completely different worlds, yet reside in the same county.
This part of union county is not redneck.  I live in Marvin.   Morons, yes.  Redneck, no.
Lol you're the one whining and blaming millennials.
TBD.
That's probably the name of a song by Cannibal Corpse
Checking in, HT on park road right next to the HS was nearly 100% masked, as was the one at the arboretum. Gave me some hope
Idlewild near 485  It's on the edge towards Meck county to be fair.
Preach
You notice they didn’t disagree with you, because they can’t. They can only attack you personally.
We are new as well and starting at Weddington HS in the fall. WTH were they thinking?
It shares the zip code with waxhaw, so no...   but it is the town with the highest per capita income.  My wife and I live here and drag The average down.  We’d need to make around, and this isn’t a joke, 600k a year combined to be average with our 2 kids.
absolutely.  I live in Union County, and I cannot believe the differences in the different parts of it. The northwestern part is probably per-capita wealthier than Ballantyne. the central western part is solidly middle class, and the south western part is fairly well off rural -- but you get all kinds of things throughout this county, from completely agricultural areas south and north of Monroe, to abject poverty around Monroe and Marshville, then add to that the majority of Indian Trail who has lived in North Carolina a likely average of < 5 years.
[https://giphy.com/gifs/gene-wilder-blazing-saddles-you-know-morons-3oz8xTl6sGKbuRPDDW](https://giphy.com/gifs/gene-wilder-blazing-saddles-you-know-morons-3oz8xTl6sGKbuRPDDW)
That's a dumb name. Still an improvement...
Almost a song by Dethklok.
Well I’m glad at least some people in the county are taking it seriously...just wish it was my part! 🙄😂
Great observation. Thanks. I noticed for sure.   Unfounded attempts at insults mean nothing to me. I care about the health of all citizens above anything else but these ppl are willing to sacrifice their children for IMPOTUS.
You think the schools are going to reopen? Personally I think at least half of next year is going to be online
Totally off topic, but.... what on earth do people do there that makes that much money?!?
Take your upvote and leave.  :)
I graduated from Weddington High School (in 2006).  They are this dumb and while the school reaps the benefits from being situated in one of the wealthiest areas in the state; the level of ignorance, entitlement, and general stupidity with regards to many aspects of education is astounding.  The powers that be in union county swing heavily on the conservative spectrum and if the republican attitude in the nation in a couple of months is to get the kids back to school in person in the fall then union county will toe the line.
Most national districts are offering two options: 100% virtual/online or 100% in person (with masks). Union County is waiting to see what the governor and state DOE propose. What seems to complicate things for a middle option are laws around funding...funding follows students, so without the enrollment, teachers and staff are subject to cuts. That creates the risk/incentive to push kids back into school to maintain salaries and pay for infrastructure...that's of course beyond all the other reasons people are making for kids going back to class.
The community I live in people are almost all in the banking or insurance industry in some sort of executive, trading or IT capacity.
FL school districts are sending out their plans to parents and staff. I’m aware of 2 personally (in hot spots) and NEITHER are requiring students to wear masks. At all.
Where are you seeing that? Many counties such as Meck will offer a virtual option for those who don’t feel comfortable going next year. I’m seeing the same in Florida.

Charlotte-area’s COVID-19 hospitalizations are on the state’s radar

Whatever...Nothing will be done! Have you walked into a Lowe’s or homedepot lately? Went uptown yesterday and although I noticed more people wearing masks, too many are not and not being enforced. People just don’t wear them because they don’t like to be told what to do even if it is for their own good.

Mecklenburg leaders fear COVID-19 lockdown is coming. Here’s what hospitals say.

The article says that we still have 20% capacity for critical beds in hospitals, which is good, but that number has been shrinking (it was closer to 30% a couple weeks ago). With Suffolk Punch in South End closing yesterday due to infection of its staff, just a reminder that it's not over and we need to stay diligent. Good luck, everyone!
Case number is definitely increasing and both Graham Street and Gin Mill had lines out the door tonight. Hope the couple weeks of drinking hooking up is worth it.. Believe me, I would have loved to Been at  either of those bars on these beautiful summer nights. Im not though. Unfortunately, the people who can't wait are going to go out and ruin it for us all.
The article shows a picture of the empty patio for Common Market, which is strange, cuz every time I drive by that place, the patio is packed. I wish people weren’t so stupid/selfish.
Please I beg you to lock this state down. This is never going to end unless we lock it down for the year.
Mecklenburg leaders? Weird, I haven't seen or heard from any the last few months....
SP closed? Totally not surprising. That place has been awful about being overcrowded and I rarely saw the staff wearing masks when I walked by.
Thank you for a good summation. We need to realize that we shouldn’t wait until ICU begs and emergency rooms are full just to act.   We could have been in South Korea and Japans position right now but we didn’t wear our masks!
How much of that is due to people who were sick during the lockdown putting off needed care?
I know an acquaintance who keeps lecturing everyone how serious this pandemic is, but frequents Graham Street a few times a week. He justifies it because he’s “social distancing” while there even though the bar is always packed shoulder to shoulder. Lots of morons out there ruining it for everyone I suppose.
A year seems overkill.  A true lockdown for 3-4 weeks would be vastly helpful, but I don't think Americans are willing to abide by something like that.
Jeff Jackson? He's been very vocal online
Start paying attention.
And they ramped up testing and kept doing it. We're hitting a testing lag in some places again.
Are you downvoting because you know otherwise and just aren't providing facts, or just out of a general desire to pretend that COVID is the only medical issue people have had since March?
This is something our government won’t be willing to abide by. With no additional stimulus and the extra federal boost in unemployment expiring, you’d be asking people to survive on $350 MAX a week in unemployment. Very few people would financially make it through that month because our government won’t help.
Well, local healthcare professionals and public officials would disagree with you:  https://myfox8.com/news/coronavirus/nc-officials-say-protests-did-not-lead-to-spike-in-covid-19-cases/amp/  The widespread use of masks and the fact that protests were outdoors lead to no marked increase in cases...
They were protesting for a good cause, however as I stated many times they did it the wrong way. Instead of being huddled in groups of hundreds where most of them werent even wearing a mask, they could've instead had smaller groups spread all over the city.  All of the sweat, shouting, and coughing I guarantee spread COVID. It will start to show.  Also keep in mind our dumbass Governor was in a crowd without a mask.
Agreed. This is a massive and deliberate failure that the federal government is responsible for.
And if they did say that thousands of people packing together chanting lead to the increase we have now, they'd be called white supremacists and there would be demands they get defunded.  Remember how angry we all were about the ReopenNC crowds of fifty people, how they were horrible and were sure to spread the virus?  I guess we all owe them an apology.
The ReOpen NC protestors weren’t wearing masks. The end.  There is no double standard. There is a single standard: wear a mask. Be responsible. Let’s not pretend both sides behaved equally. It’s disingenuous.
Can we please stop this argument and move on?  Open my gym =/= stop 200 years of violence and oppression.
Wearing of masks is the key. I've seen many pics and vids of the OpenNC protests, not wearing masks was part of their schtick. Also, the OpenNC protests were pretty much about the belief that the pandemic and wearing masks is some sort of government plot to control people and I want my ---fill in the blank--- opened back up.   So no they did not take the same steps as the other protestors and they were bitching about something the entire world currently has to deal with.

Looking off toward the mountains on a crystal clear morning, a few weeks before COVID-19 shut things down.


Covid-19 in U.S. - 15 States with more Cases - From 20 March to 13 July


First COVID-19 vaccine tested in US poised for trials in Charlotte

I called the number because I go to Tryon for my primary care. Had to leave a voicemail but will see what more information I can get.
Charlotte? Ground zero? I think I remember this movie.
Sign me up.
Hmmm. I might look into this one.
How much do these people get paid to be lab rats?
If I had covid I'd do that for free. From what I read the two main trials they have right now are pretty safe.   So why not try and get better quicker and at the same time try to help end this whole mess quicker!
These vaccines are for the prevention of SARS Cov-2 infections and not a cure for active cases.
That's why I'm looking into this

Are Covid-19 Tests Available?
How available are COVID-19 tests in our area (viral, not antibody)? Do you still need to answer a qualification survey or is it just a matter of calling around to testing sites for availability?
A quick google search lead me to these sites:   https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/about-covid-19/testing/find-my-testing-place   https://www.mecknc.gov/news/Pages/COVID-19-Testing-Sites-Locator-Now-Available.aspx   https://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article242816881.html  I’m hearing it’s a good seven to ten days for results. Good luck.
I scheduled a rapid test (results in less than an hour) 3 days in advance at Bettermed urgent care. I wouldn’t count on getting one quicker than that right now. Only a couple questions about medical history and symptoms, so no qualification questionnaire. I got the test bc I was around someone who was positive but they would have tested me even if that wasn’t the case. Test was free with my insurance.
They are free at CVS. https://www.cvs.com/minuteclinic/covid-19-testing  They use the Abbott test which I believe gives 10-20% false negatives though.
The turn around time is crazy. A friend of mine had to drive out of state to the NE area to get a test done so it was within the 4 day window for elective surgery. The south has overwhelmed their testing capacity again so its a 7-10 day turnaround which basically makes testing useless.
I went to an atrium pop up site and got my results back in 24 hours.  Also it was free
I went to an urgent care in indian trail 2 weeks ago. Walked right in and got my results in 2 days.
It sounds like testing is still all over the place, but it’s best to call around as you will hear different turnaround times/availability.
I called my doctor's office (Tryon Medical) and scheduled a drive-up appointment in Dilworth. Told them it was precautionary and had no symptoms. Easy to schedule and results back in 2-3 days.
My son just had a test yesterday. Doctor required a quick video diagnosis session and then scheduled an in-person test later that day.   Two options for test (from Novant):   1) Standard test - results in 7-10 days $50  2) Expedited test - results in 24-48 hours $150
I tried to get tested last Wednesday but everything was booked for the rest of the week. I ended up doing an at-home test kit by Labcorp Pixel (covered by insurance). I received the kit on Saturday and shipped it Monday. They said results take 3-5 days upon receipt.
I know people who've driven to SC to get tested and got results back much sooner.
When was this? Most of those places are unavailable or booked out at this time so I'm curious.  Edit: looked them up. This is an antigen test and not a PCR test. They have a really high rate of false negatives and should be used with a PCR backup which it doesn't look like bettermed does
Well, that’s not unsettling at all.
I was just going to say that. There is zero purpose in taking a test if the results will take that long. At that point, just stay home and away from people if you think you are sick I guess???
My niece had a test and got the results in 48 hrs
I tested at an atrium pop up site and had my results back in 24 hours
Yeah the accurate PCR tests are a nightmare to get right now.
It’s not a high rate of false negatives. It’s a high*er* rate
Do you have the website to the schedule of Atrium pop up sites? I can’t find it.
They have a higher than 20% false negative rate two out of ten is pretty unsettling to me.
They are only emergency use authorized.   Theres a reason more medical providers are not using them.  If this place was also running a PCR to verify results but using this to get a fast answer that would be different
I called in to a local atrium physicians office and they had a Covid help line you could connect to.  That's where they gave me the information on the pop up testing site

Saliva Test COVID 19


In the last three weeks we've had at least 199 new COVID-19 cases in Meck. County and last week, we only had 170, so cross your fingers for the flattening!

Viewing this on mobile, so maybe I’m missing something, but the chart I can see says we(Meck county) have been steadily increasing in cases/100k, and that’s it.  Edit: You can click on the columns, and OP is referring to new cases per 100k people.
The number of positive cases has increased by 274 since yesterday...  I’m all for hope, but unfortunately, we are a long way away from flattening the curve. We need to stay vigilant in the meantime.
This literally means nothing. How many tests did they do. Is 22 positives within normal variance.   Like come on, this is just nonsense.
Just semantics here, but a lot of people seem to be forgetting or misinterpreting what flattening the curve means. It's not getting to the other side of a peak.  We have already flattened the curve and are continuing to do so with things like social distancing and masks - it just means we are minimizing the infection rate as much as possible so the spike of hospitalizations is lower than it could be. Theoretically, if we had done nothing, we could have had a huge spike in early June I think which would have led to a lot more people dying. So that part of the curve was somewhat flattened, and we continue to keep it flatter than it could be.
I wish the county would falsely report cases at this point- "shit is bad, cases are increasing, don't leave home." And after things actually improve they're like "psych! You can come out now."  Every time things improve, people get complacent, and shit worsens again.
Right. I didn't explain that well. Thanks.
I don’t think we’re close to out of this, but the information provided by the county makes things look pretty flat - https://www.mecknc.gov/news/Pages/Mecklenburg-County-COVID-19-Data-for-July-22.aspx
I wish people would stay vigilant. It seems no one cares, here.

COVID-19 could have been contained by now
 Honestly  the United States could’ve been finished with COVID by now but people can’t just stay home or go out when necessary and not to mention can’t wear a  mask. I guarantee everything will be shut down again by the end of  August or September. This isn’t going away anytime soon. Our country is  the joke of the world right now. The problem with a lot of people in many countries (especially the United States) with ignoring social distancing and being stupid is everyone thinks that "oh it probably won't happen to me, and if it does i will survive"People need to stop thinking that this is all about them and that they are invincible. in some way because this could happen to everyone. I can guarantee if people continue to act the way they do the States are gonna shut everything down and it will be a lot longer then a monthPlease have common sense people. Listen to the Doctors. Stay home and do your part in making this go away so we can get back to some sort of normalicy. My grandmother died from this and both my parents currently have COVID 19. Luckily they are both recovering well.
Sorry for your loss :(  Totally agree with you, although if you think things are gonna shutdown, you definitely overestimate our society's ability to feel empathy and actually care for our citizens.
Before lockdown, 144 days ago I posted a warning here in this sub  It’s amazing how badly some of the comments aged  https://www.reddit.com/r/Charlotte/comments/fevc80/coronavirus_stay_home_this_weekend_charlotte/
>Honestly the United States could’ve been finished with COVID  You misunderstand. The doctors and scientists recommended that we wear masks, socially distance and shut down businesses to make this last longer, not eliminate Covid entirely. The goal was to "flatten the curve", not maintain a globally coordinated lockdown until a highly infectious virus is defeated.   The danger is that an incredible spike that could overwhelm our healthcare infrastructure, like what happened in NYC.
This was never going to work in the USA.   People here are individualistic and believe in their "freedoms" over anything.  Many of these Asian countries just have a completely different way of thinking. For example sacrificing for the collective. We just don't behave that way people are selfish.  Not to mention our federal government is totally incompetent
I think its partly lack of personal responsibility but also largely because widespread testing wasn't made available. Once acknowledging the pandemic became a political statement we were screwed.
Seconding everyone that I'm sorry for your loss. Do you mind if I ask how your parents got COVID? Have they been wearing masks and social distancing?
How old was your grandmother?
Sorry for your loss but plenty of other countries are spiking too and aren’t taking it seriously. Covid won’t go away until there’s herd immunity, be it from a vaccine or it rips through us itself. Lockdowns were never intended to stop covid, rather smooth the curve so we don’t overwhelm the hospitals.   Do you know how your family caught it?
There is no evidence to back up your claim. Countries that had strict lockdowns are now experiencing a resurgence, so it appears that lockdowns only delay the inevitable. Which of course is *all we were told the temporary lockdown was going to do.*   Meanwhiile the confirmed case mortality rate has always been very low in this country and death rate is still falling as hospitals have learned to deal with the novel coronavirus. For most age groups, the mortality rate is lower than the flu.  Sorry for your loss but your anger is misplaced.
Wow, No one seems to be blaming our countries leadership who had multiple warnings and failed to take pro-active measures to halt the entry of this illness from reaching our boarders.  Blaming everyday citizens  is a convenient scapegoat. Especially when they’ve been getting mixed messages from top brass since day one on what to do
So sorry for your loss. Yea this whole pandemic has infuriated me so much and has exposed all the idiots this country has to offer. I can’t believe a mask has become political. I can’t believe there are people fighting against wearing a mask. Even seeing gyms open up pisses me off. Americans just don’t like being told what to do and they think they know better than everyone else. Such a shame man
Well you got the VP visiting an elementary school in Charlotte with no mask on.
I am sorry to hear that this pandemic has struck so close to home for you. However, I'm not sure that lack of personal responsibility is really the defining difference between the US and other countries. We are not more selfish or stupider than people of other countries. The root problem really has more to do with our political dysfunction.  Successful countries enacted and enforced laws on a mass scale to implement a lockdown quickly and decisively. They also ramped up testing and contact tracing much faster in the early stages. In other words, these countries did not rely on personal responsibility. They took collective action.  This is at the root of many of our failures, not just with COVID. When people start talking about personal responsibility, they are, in fact, diverting attention away from collective action, i.e. enacting laws that enforce collective responsibility.  Ideally, I would love it if people would take personal responsibility and we lived in a society where we don't need draconian laws. For many problems, I think this is achievable. We don't need to put people in prison for doing drugs, for example. That is a case where I'm all for personal responsibility, since the harm of a drug addict on society is minimal and can be contained. And ultimately, we can work with people to incentivize them to take control over their lives.  However, with this pandemic, we needed fast action and enforcement at a national level. The stakes were too high, and quite frankly, there is too much misinformation out there for people to make informed decisions on their own. We needed political leaders to recognize the stakes and take decisive action to protect the population. We did not have time to have a political debate about masks and personal freedom. Spreading COVID is way more dangerous than doing drugs. It is not only killing thousands of people but is killing our economy on a level drugs have never done. So, it is completely inconsistent to imprison people for smoking dope while allowing people to essentially not wear masks and kill the elderly!  So, our failure is a political, collective failure, not one of personal responsibility. It is important we recognize this, because if we don't, we will keep failing. The election is just around the corner. So, please everyone, make an effort to educate yourself, be skeptical of misinformation and vote!
No, it couldn’t have been. LA has been on some level of lockdown since March and is still seeing cases spike. Once the outbreak is sufficiently seeded, it won’t go away until enough people have had the virus.
Social media is to blame. It leads to people getting news and opinions from Facebook, etc and thinking they’re as valid (or more, since it serves their agenda) as Dr Fauci. Add to that people thinking their google search is as valid as someone else’s medical degree. And finally add that there’s no common ground or middle point anymore with anything, you’ve got an entire group of people that are convinced whatever the “other” side says is BS.   Wrap some of these elements up in conservative vs liberal or how patriotic you are then you end up with people spitting on each other or burning masks to “stick it to the snowflakes”.
Yep, and we could've been returning to school as normal buuuuut people decided to politicize it instead of use their common sense. Whatever. It's cool. (narrator: it was in fact, not cool) edit because I think people are misunderstanding: if we would've used common sense in the beginning, gotten it contained, and not been selfish Americans we would be going back to school as normal right now.
I am sorry for your loss. No one deserves to deal with that hopefully your grandparents have a safe recovery further as well.  This shouldn't be on this subreddit though. This doesn't have anything to do with Charlotte and is just a rant post about how stupid America is.
Your opinion seems pretty fatalistic. On the upside, the death rate is plunging dramatically. If Dimm governors and powers that be hadn’t falsified research and vilified the use of HQ, this would be over by now.
With Chinese style lockdown, it took them about 2 months to get it under control. Even if we instituted the same draconian measures, the earliest we could get done is by November. Honestly I don't think we will be safe until next year.
Sounds like your family did not follow the guidelines you're preaching.
I feel like it’s going to get to that point when there is a high enough case count and death toll with it all but that’s just me. I could be wrong it may not go up at all for all I know and it will go away by the end of this year but this really has shown the greed and selfishness of humanity
Crazy reading those comments.  Agreed a lot of people underestimated this from the beginning. You just had see what was going on in China at the beginning to tell this wasn't "just a flu"
I made a comment on that thread about it being nice weather and nobody would stay home. It was an incomplete thought at the time but I get it now. We were not in the right frame of mind for pandemic then or now. People are still arguing over wearing mask.
> People here are individualistic and believe in their "freedoms" over anything.  That’s not the entire issue. We also have a failure of a leader. Our government leaders could completely come out and say that they don’t believe the government should be able to force people to wear masks and be quarantined... while at the same time saying we need to band together and we should, as individuals, decide to wear masks and socially distant ourselves from others.   It could have been their Kennedy moment... ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country. And in this situation what you can do is wear a mask.   Particularly since the crowd that won’t wear a mask because of our ‘freedoms’ and the crowd that would listen to the president saying we should wear a mask has a large overlap.
American exceptionalism at it's finest, ya'll.
The US tests more than any country but China whose data is completely unreliable.
More fresh data to back up your theory. I totally agree. The lockdown should be viewed by historians as disastrous and counter-productive.   Sweden COVID-19 Death Rate Lower Than Spain, Italy and U.K., Despite Never Having Lockdown  https://www.newsweek.com/sweden-covid-19-death-rate-lower-spain-italy-uk-despite-never-having-lockdown-1522306
Would love to see where you're getting your mortality rate from. I don't have an age breakdown but quick calculations from google as 8am. The mortality rate is actually 3.39% (US) and 3.92% (Globally).  The flu only has a 0.15% mortality rate. Provide some data and let's see the difference among age groups.
Not only in this country, but other countries as well.
Hey there champ, it may come as a shock to you but LA is in the USA.
Social media is partly to blame, but we need to accept that we have a cultural problem that social media is making worse if we really want to fix things.
Mecklenburg has roughly the same population as wake county, yet double the reported cases and deaths. Remind me again why this post doesn’t apply to charlotte?
There’s no way they will shut the economy down. Greed and Selfishness is right. We have lost our way as a society, and generations of our children will pay the price. America will be a legend, the same way Rome is remembered.   All is lost.   Now, it’s merely a waiting game until it actually happens.
Death count is relatively low though.  Cases have been increasing but we don’t see the same peak problems. Honestly I feel bad for your loss, but death is part of a pandemic and asking people to give up a year of their life to lie on the couch isn’t going to happen.  Making it personal doesn’t solve our problems.
You weren't wrong. I remember that weekend. My husband and I watched our Nephew while my sister and bro in law went to a beer festival and it was absolutely gorgeous. We played in the yard all day. It will be like that this fall too, I have no doubt.
>The reasons why China and New Zealand had new cases was because they allowed travelers back in and those travelers brought more cases  This is the point that I was making. You would need a globally coordinated lockdown and to close all borders until there are no cases in the entire world if your goal is to beat the virus with as few infections as possible.   It's not realistic.
You obviously weren't around when the Obama administration completely botched SARS, which hit children disproportionately.  You honestly think that a different administration would have handled the pandemic better, when the Democratic leaders were calling early travel restrictions racist and telling people to go to the theater and street festivals.
Maybe now that we have by far the highest number of cases
Note what I said about age groups
Hey there buddy, are you implying that there’s no community spread in LA and all of their cases are being imported? Because that’s one hell of a claim that’s missing a lot of evidence to back it.
It doesn’t apply because it’s a rant about America and no one listening. He should go to r/politics or r/rants for this
We don't even need to look that far from home. The bars in Southend are popping every weekend and nobody is wearing masks.
Earning a living to feed yourself and your family is not greed.  The people who make the food you eat and keep your lights and internet on haven't been able to hide in their houses all this time. You want them to pay all the taxes for keeping the economy going, too?
I disagree I think it will likely happen after The elections this year because the governers and presidents want to make sure they please most people but  I mean I could be wrong but I would be surprised if it didn’t happen
What about lives lost bc economy is shut down?  Do they not matter?
150,000 dead Americans and you're downplaying it. This person lost a relative and you're telling them it's not personal.   Fuck. You.
You'll get downvoted to oblivion because only fearmongering is allowed on this sub.
I have been here for over 15 years, and I don’t ever remember a spring as good as this past one
SARS? That was during Bush’s administration in 2003.
>You honestly think that a different administration would have handled the pandemic better  Yes. Trump's anti-intellectualism and anti-science views put him solidly in last place in regards to leading us through a pandemic. Also, being he only cares about his ratings, the only good decisions he's made for all of us are purely coincidental. It just so happens his self-interests aligned with the general population's. I'd put any administration in my lifetime ahead of him.
You realize that you get more confirmed cases when you test more, right?
Note where I acknowledged I didn't have an age breakdown. But I asked to see the data you're looking at.  I addressed the "mortality rate has always been very low" - it hasn't; and then asked to see anything supporting your claim about "most age groups".
lol not sure if you are serious now or...  Ever wonder why the rest of the world is getting back to normal and here in the states were anything but?
20 somethings are having covid parties in CLT, it definitely applies.
1) Taxes do not keep the economy going.  2) Yes, those people, and everyone else, should stay home and be supported through government programs during circumstances like these. You know, for the greater good of yourself and those like you.
>Earning a living to feed yourself and your family is not greed.  No, but re-opening things too early, not enforcing or even having mask laws, and the federal government not providing enough assistance and giving assistance to those who don't need it is greed.  It's obvious our nation could have handled this pandemic much better than it has, but greed at the highest levels prevented that from happening.  And because of this, the poor are getting poorer which will have a rippling effect for years or decades.
The economy doesn’t keep people alive. People do.
This is a really poorly thought out response but ok.
It's been a while that's for sure
I meant swine flu
He was taking the virus more seriously than Congressional Democrats. Fauci has said that he took every recommendation they made.  This is just rank partisanship
We are not top in the world in rate of testing. https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104645/covid19-testing-rate-select-countries-worldwide/    Do you honestly believe the US only has more cases because we've done more tests at this point?     Most countries stopped doing mass testing because they already had it under control,  we have 2 times  as many new cases every day that japan has had total.  There's really no getting around it the US bungled this in a big way.    Do you recognize the cognitive dissonance you are using to support your beliefs?
The confirmed case death rate has always been very low, not even in top 20 globally.  I’m on mobile and don’t have time to do a thesis right now.
Narrator: they're not.
People working and investing keep the economy going- which yields taxes. I’m talking about working people having to carry those who can’t work because of prolonged shutdown.  What you’re proposing is a unicorn world. The “government” is going to magically create food and services out of nothing.  This sub is rife with people wearing their privilege on their sleeves.
Regardless of your opinion, his [own words](https://www.factcheck.org/2020/03/trumps-statements-about-the-coronavirus/) and behavior don't support the claim he's taken this seriously.
We're literally number 13 right now on an observed case-fatality ratio; even better we're number 4 on deaths / 100,000 population. Per John's Hopkins.  [https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/data/mortality](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/data/mortality)
Investing does not keep the economy going. Spending does. Services do. Consumers of goods and services are the only thing that is a driving force of a healthy, well-balanced economy such as ours.   Yes, some people (Farmers, mechanics, truck drivers, banks, etc) have to continue to work. That’s obvious. But the majority of people in our economy do not have to physically show up to a place and do a thing that exposes them to a pandemic. They can work remotely, as has been shown in the first shutdown.   Further, I’m not advocating for the government to magically create shit. WE are the creators, producers, and consumers. The People. All WE need is the government to use our tax dollars to facilitate and organize programs that are put in place to facilitate the common sense handling of a situation such as this. It’s not privilege or entitlement. It’s expecting them to do what is right and just for the greater good.  Then again, I guess expecting government to actually look after us in the same way we do them is a unicorn world.
Confirmed case fatality rate not even in the chart- top 5 are all in Europe  Per capita deaths at number 8 behind Belgium, UK, Sweden   https://www.realclearpolitics.com/coronavirus/  Data sources are CDC, WHO, ECDC (European CDC)  Per CDC- 8 out of 10 COVID deaths are age 80 and above
You see how much services and goods you get without investment. I’m done here, someone else will have to teach you basic economics. You’re obviously in a bubble of privilege.
Also not sure where you got the 8/10 deaths stat from, other than rectally extracting it.  &#x200B;  I just pulled the most recent CDC data ([https://data.cdc.gov/NCHS/Provisional-COVID-19-Death-Counts-by-Sex-Age-and-S/9bhg-hcku](https://data.cdc.gov/NCHS/Provisional-COVID-19-Death-Counts-by-Sex-Age-and-S/9bhg-hcku)), and you'd need to include everyone 65 and above to get near 80%  &#x200B;  And of course old people are more at risk for COVID, that's a fairly universal trait for most viruses.
It's not on the chart (unless you click show more) because half the countries, like #9 Western Sahara, had 1 death and only 10 confirmed cases. And sure we may not be the worst - but that's not the measuring stick we should be using, because we're certainly not doing well.
Like  I wrote. The CDC. And yeah, it’s 65 not 80.  https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/need-extra-precautions/older-adults.html

Coronavirus Deaths in U.S. - Evolution of 15 States with more Deaths - From 15 March to 30 June


New coronavirus cluster emerges at Charlotte daycare, 11 children test positive

Great now lets send kids back to school, it'll be fine....
Jesus and then there was the Kindercare near Providence road area that got hit too. If all of this is a prelude to schools opening up again then there's going to be a problem. I genuinely don't see how the rest of the country is going to get these cases under control without another shutdown needing to occur, even if its localized to certain counties vs. an entire state.
Attempting to get daycare children to wear a mask seems totally futile.  I'd suspect most of them would not keep it on, or wear it properly, and they are still going to touch everything and put their fingers in their mouth and etc.
Somehow I missed this last week. Did we already have a post?
... that we know of
Can someone please give this news reporter a better mask? That thing doesnt stay up for more than 2 seconds.  I thought she was using it as a chin strap for a moment.
Please keep your kids out school, folks. And tell your friends, neighbors and family as well. Nobody wants their kids to be at risk because of the orange moron’s re-election attempts.
Crazy timing on this as we are expecting an announcement on reopening schools this week. Definitely just a coincidence I’m sure.
Yeah, check the hospitalization/death numbers for people under the age of ten. There aren't any. So few that statistically that age range makes up 0% of deaths/hospitalizations.  Sounds like day cares are pretty safe.
Wbtv went there but it was closed.. lmao
If my adult children were still school aged no way in hell would they attend in person class before January and highly the entire year.
Yeah, everything you said applies to the adults around here too.
Clearly you don't stop at masks. You put them in kid-sized astronaut suits.
And employers, do what you can to understand and accommodate that your workers who have children are going to have to balance their employment with the health of their families.
My favorite is when toddlers get involved in conspiracy theories.
Can you at least understand why it's a hard decision for many?
Username checks out
*Ground control to major Brayden*
Hamster balls
zorb daycare.
Yes exactly. Adults working is something that many can’t afford not to do right now. Kids can afford not to be physically in school for a while.
Exactly. Toddlers should be told what to do without question, and only think when we tell them to.
Of course I can! I feel extremely bad for the folks who can’t work from home and require daycare bc their child isn’t in school and they can’t afford the daycare. It’s not an easy decision in the least for some folks I fully understand and sympathize.
ya, why do you ask?
And it is the intersection of those two that really causes problems. When kids not going to school *means* that adults can't go to work (or can't earn an income, more specifically) we've got to get creative, collectively.
because "no way in hell," doesn't leave a lot of room for that consideration.
yea, that's because it's not a hard decision for him/her.
I mean thats his opinion, its not the law.

FAQ City: Your Questions About Schools And Coronavirus Answered

In other words: "we dont know what the hell to do and everything will be a mess beginning in August."
Well it’s overall a pretty tough situation — covid is going crazy but also there are a lot of families that cannot work and watch their kids / afford someone to watch them while they work and also cannot afford computers/devices for remote learning. It’s a very tough situation overall.  With that in mind, maybe the plan would be to give people the choice of distance learning or in person, and they must register their choice by a certain date. Then they can distribute teachers accordingly so there are only x kids in a class and maybe even distribute kids across districts if there are areas with more registered in-person kids. Less kids on the buses means they could go further distances to pick up kids too.  I’ve heard about daycares making a game out of social distancing for kids like helicopter arms and giving small prizes for kids who wear their masks and stuff — maybe this could also work for schools? And distributing masks?  It’s a difficult situation overall and there’s no perfect answer, but maybe that could be a good middle ground to start. If you don’t want your kids to go in person you won’t be forced to, but it also gives people who cannot afford their kids to be remote the option to still learn.
In times like this, I hearken back to the prophetic words of [Dr. A. Cooper](http://www.bpnews.net/18238/alice-cooper-to-receive-honorary-degree-from-grand-canyon-univ): "School's out for summer. School's out forever."
That actually is a brilliant ideal with letting people register if they will be opting their kids in a classroom setting or an online learning environment.

14,981 Mecklenburg County coronavirus cases reported, with 168 deaths

Regardless if you are not in the age bracket that this is not seriously affecting in terms of fatality you should be taking the virus seriously. Even if you are asymptomatic it can cause long term damage to your lung or heart function that could affect you for the rest of your life.. i used to not want to get it just in case I could spread it to someone else who would suffer, but the more I learn the less I want to contract it myself
So if I'm reading this right, about 75% of the cases are under 65, but 90% of the deaths are >= 60? And all but two of the deaths had underlying chronic illnesses?
Mortality rate = 1.12%, only 18 deaths of adults ages 40 to 59, almost all others among adults over 60 years old.   166 of 168 deaths occured in adults with underlying chronic illnesses.
That mortality rate will continue to go up, we are on the front side of it. I don't say this to be a negative Nancy, this is what medical experts say because deaths take time to happen.   But even if it holds at 1.12% that's still horrific.   Think of how many people are testing positive daily. Go out 4-8 weeks (how long it takes to die). Think about 1% of those people dying.   But it will go up. And people need to be prepared.   The people who have tested in the last 4 weeks are not in the timeframe to have been in the "death" group yet. And that's a lot of the tested people.
Hospitals are completely overwhelmed already. Bed shortages, staff shortages, still re-using PPE.  Remember all the “field hospitals” that were put up or planned for back in March? All of those were closed.  Honestly, I think we are already screwed past the point of return. The selfishness and idiocy of the politicians and people in this country is just unbelievable.  If you want to get tested, find a testing location other than the Emergency Department. By going to the ED, you’re taking up valuable real estate for people that actually have emergencies other than wanting to find out if they are positive or not (even without symptoms or been in contact with someone who is positive).
Fuck those 166 people that would have otherwise been alive, am I right?
Dude, I have no idea what the hell you are talking about.
My son is 14 and now has lung issues from it. He was previously 100% healthy.
That doesn't sound alarming enough to be considered right lol
What portion of the population is over 65 or has an underlying issue?
yup. Thats correct
Doesn't matter, shut it down!
It's not just about mortality. Even if you survive it there can be long term complications.
But that’s only ~15,000 *reported* cases. There are many, many others who are asymptomatic or with mild cases that were not tested. The mortality rate is lower than that.   Not trying to undermine how serious COVID-19 is, but I don’t think we should be spouting off misleading stats either.
More people will likely die, I agree. But the mortality rate has been declining. If you look back 4-8 weeks we were seeing growth in new cases and those new cases have not resulted in a similar growth in deaths.
100 thousand percent. Big mistake and we'll realize it too late.  States around us are going up and we are too. July 4h, Disney World tourists coming back.  And now partly schools.  It's not going to be good, folks, it's really not.
That’s the average death rate. The rate for age 60+ is much higher while the death rate for younger people is ridiculously lower. If you are young and healthy this is not a virus you need to freak out about. Wear your mask and protect your elderly family members.
I guess this is fake news then?   https://www.wbtv.com/2020/07/10/mecklenburg-co-health-leaders-not-concerned-by-hospitalization-capacity-despite-states-worry/
....so far, and with the measures that have been taken. Are you saying that if we hadn’t taken any measures only 168 would have died? And no more people will die going forward?
Huh? doesn't that line up with everything we've been seeing since just about the beginning? I don't see how these numbers should be shocking, or not alarming enough.
The site says underlying **chronic** issues, I think that's different than just underlying issues?
Sorry, are you saying that almost everyone over 60 has chronic underlying illnesses?
What??! I call bullshit. Prove it.
And if we don't control the spread and hospitals are overwhelmed people who could have been saved will start dying.
I'd be interested in a statistic that shows how many people are now permanently impacted from having it.  Doubt it'd be possible to find though.
Why stop now?
I’ve literally been reading on Reddit since March that the mortality rate will go up and “just wait 2 weeks” over and over and over again. Why is it hard to accept that this virus isn’t as deadly as originally believed? That’s a good thing btw
8 weeks ago was pre mother's day and pre memorial day, we were not seeing a growth in cases.
I’m not here to argue validity of the article, but based on everything my friends and wife (who all work in the medical profession in CLT) have told me, this article is largely inaccurate.   Also, You have to look look at it from Atrium or Novant leaders BUSINESS perspective... It wouldn’t be in their best interest to tell a media outlet “yea, we are running out of rooms, beds, and staff. We aren’t prepared”. Doing so would just make them look like shit and not fit for the job.
It was a joke about how most things you hear are people freaking out and then upset other people aren't freaking out lol
It's not even possible to know that right now.  I'm not saying that to minimize the possibility of permanent issues, but it's just really not known whether some of the reported long term effects like breath shortness are really permanent, or will just take the body a really long time to recover (i.e. a year plus).  Either way, I certainly wouldn't want to risk it.
According to someone replying to another thread about this “you’d be more likely to die in a car crash on the way to school than to have any long term effects” seems like a solid statistic to me. /s
Yes, but it doesn't fit the narrative.
Because there is an agenda to lockdown as much of the economy as possible.
That argument makes no sense. They are hospitals not McDonalds. It’s not like I’m going to drive out of the way to there next closest hospital in an emergency.  I’m a community pharmacist in a pretty busy part of CLT  and I have never seen so few prescriptions come through for antibiotics and other acute meds. I’ve talked to many offices that were DEAD in March,April, and May. People are not getting nearly as sick as they would in normal years which tells me that social distancing is definitely working.
Seems like hospitals being 75% or more filled is normal, because they don't want to have a ton of empty rooms sitting around that they don't need. So going up to 85 or so percent filled doesn't seem that drastic, they're probably always around three-quarters capacity
Not going to touch all your rhetorical questions, going to circle back to your original comment. Do you think it’s fair to say there’s a 1/10000 chance of dying from COVID when we don’t have a vaccine and that number happened while we were shut down
And, pray tell, what agenda is that?
Yes treatments have improved, that's why mortality went from 10% to currently about4.2% according to John's Hopkins
The World Economic Forum Great Reset  https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/07/covid-19-the-great-reset/  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Economic_Forum  -  "The World Economic Forum (WEF), based in Cologny-Geneva, Switzerland, is an NGO, founded in 1971.  The WEF's mission is cited as "committed to improving the state of the world by engaging business, political, academic, and other leaders of society to shape global, regional, and industry agendas".  It is a membership-based organization, and membership is made up of the world's largest corporations."  Can't reset something without shutting it down first!
Did I say that? Let me check.....nope. What I said was that with everyone practicing social distancing, wearing masks, working from home we have seen much lower amounts of acute medications like antibiotics, cough medications, steroids being prescribed than normal. Respiratory viral and bacterial infections are spread in the community exactly the same way. With less people being sick of colds, flu, pneumonia,etc even with COVID we shouldn’t be surprised that the hospital systems are saying that they are doing fine, because they probably are.
I think his point is that the social distancing also works against bacterial diseases.

JJ’s Red Hots in uptown closed for good due to coronavirus. ‘It’s a sock to the gut.’ NOOOOOO!


