COVID-19 announcement Carolina Renaissance Festival

So much for authenticity... /s
Thanks everyone.  Those interested in supporting the community of touring artists who have been out of work, and with no reprieve in sight, can learn how to help at:    https://www.facebook.com/groups/FR2020
I’m sad, but I understand.
Even the dang Larpers are taking this serious! WEAR A MASK
Aw, I figured they'd cancel it. Is this the first year they've had to do so? I used to go every year as a kid but haven't been in over 10 years.
I bought a plague doctor mask specifically to wear on the off chance that the ren fest would be running this year.  I guess I'll just wear it to the Harris Teeter now for giggles. :(
No lie this is amazing. Please please please do that. Harris teeter on Reynolda? Because if I see you I will give you an air five
Haha, no unfortunately.  I tend to hit the one on Country Club, or occasionally Robin Hood.     I have a gas mask too, but I think that one might get me in trouble. :P
Bah to them!  Life is too short and we havent had a lot of fun opportunities this year because of the virus.  You do you!  If you want to wear a fun mask, the haters can grumble about it and waste their breath.

Covid-19 has taught me the hard lesson that blood certainly isn't thicker than water
To spare everyone a long, highly warranted rant, can someone be my hero today & share some resources for people that are struggling to make funeral arrangements for a loved one that recently died from Covid-19? As the subject suggests, family isn't an option as all of them are aware of the news but won't answer any calls or return texts. My Uncle passed and his 2 adult children, 4 sisters and 1 brother aren't trying to help make arrangements. It's literally just his niece and myself, his 24 yr old nephew trying to get this sorted & I've never done this kind of thing before but someone had to step up because he was abandoned to a nursing home for years where he recently contracted covid. No life insurance as far as I know.  We're looking into cremation for $1700 as a burial is unfortunately out of the question since "family" can't even be bothered to help pull together for the cremation, so I'm hoping someone here can provide some helpful resources. Thank you all for your time.
DM me - local Pastor here.
I can spare $100 if it’ll help
I’m sorry that you’re experiencing this and for your loss. Good on you for stepping up where his own children wouldn’t.
I think Affordable Cremations and Cremation Services both offer a cremation for around $1,000. A funeral home will charge more. Legally, the body of your uncle belongs to his next of kin and they will be required to sign off on him being cremated. Next of kin will be the two adult children. Are they willing to do that?  I don’t know the financial situation of his children and siblings, but sometimes no one comes forward to claim a loved one’s body because they cannot afford the final expenses. If no one claims the body then after two weeks, the county has it cremated at county expense.
I'm very sorry for your loss. Good on you for ensuring your Uncle has respect and dignity extended at the end of his life.  If you have access to a hospice social worker, or perhaps someone in patient services at the nursing home, I wonder if they could help give guidance. Also, Social Security provides a 200 dollar or so death benefit, but only to a widow or child of the deceased.  It doesn't sound like that fits your situation, but sharing just in case.
If he served in the armed forces, that might be an avenue to pursue.

NC COVID-19 cases continue slow downward trend. Forsyth has 51 new cases

Fingers crossed that this trend can continue.

Carolina Classic Fair canceled amid the coronavirus pandemic, city officials say

Wow. I missed where they renamed it from Dixie Classic. Lol, guess I should’ve known that was coming when the Dixie Chicks changed their name
The coin game has a Fair area that is well rounded in types of Fair games.    https://youtu.be/aDrGOwbe24Q?t=2807  https://store.steampowered.com/app/598980/The_Coin_Game/
Hi Guys i am Trisha seeking Hook Up here. you can snap chat me Tricia\_klein20
I'm shocked it took this long to decide that.  I haven't been in years, when we do go there is nothing we really do except eat way too much fried food and spend the next two days feeling like hell.
I believe they changed before the Dixie chicks lol
Dude if you saw any social media from Winston when they were thinking about it, people were foaming at the mouth upset at them changing the name. Claiming it has always been that way (it was changed to that in the 60s)
I mean, people don't always take it that way. It's been so ubiquitous a name that there are plenty of "dixie" related places, people, events, etc. that are not, on their own, racist. Dixieland Delight. Dixie Stampede. "Designing Women" star Dixie Carter. These things aren't racist in any discernible way.  BUT. But but but but. There's a lot of dixie shit that's super racist. Ever listen to the lyrics of the song "Dixie"? Which became the unofficial confederate anthem? It was written for minstrel shows and glorifies slavery. Does that mean everyone who has sung it or played it racist? No, of course not. Lincoln, who was born in Kentucky, used it at campaign rallies, supposedly. And there's a lot of other cases where dixie and all things glorifying the antebellum south are super racist. I say this as a white man born and raised in the south, with ancestors who owned slaves and fought in the confederate army.   The Dixie Classic name dates back to 1952. The fair itself is far older, dating back to the 1882 Salem grain expo and the 1897 Piedmont Tobacco Fair, which merged sometime in the early 20th century to form the Winston-Salem Fair. So while people moaned (and continue to moan) about the name change, it's not the first rebrand and it probably won't be the last.
Well it depends on who you are. If you're a minority raised in the south you are probably going to see the aspects of racism when the word Dixie is used. I grew up here and I can tell you when I was in high school the number of people that had bumper stickers like the south will rise again right along with shit like In Dixieland we don't take shit this was accompanied with a noose on it. I'll never forget that bullshit. Was a popular bumper sticker around 88 89.
Well, it spawns from the Mason-Dixon line. All states south of that line were confederate states.
The fair was renamed in the middle of the Jim crow era to a subtle racist one. Much like the statues built around the south.
Have you not seen those little racist cups?
Chixie dicks!
They've been taking about it for the last few years, but finalized the change last year.
Maybe. There are a bunch of theories. Some say it comes from french-language currency used in Louisiana back in the day that carried the word "dix," french for 10, which became known as "dixie." New Orleans and Lousiana in general became "Dixieland" and it spread from there.  Edit: Not sure why the downvotes. There has been a lot of ink spilled over the origin of the word “Dixie.” Try spending a day in New Orleans and not hearing the theory I mentioned.  There’s another idea that suggests that there was a well-known slaveowner named Dix—anyone familiar with the old Dorothea Dix Hospital in Raleigh knows that the surname wasn’t unheard of in the region—and that some referred to the south as “Dix’s Land,” which became “Dixieland.”   I’m not saying I buy any of these. Dixon is the likely etymology, and there’s [an interesting theory](https://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/03/31/the-birth-of-dixie/) that the name was altered to “Dixie” by school kids playing tag in New York City, and that it was from these kids that Emmett, the guy who wrote the song “Dixie” heard the name. He was, after all, an Ohioan living in New York, not a native southerner.
Pure coincidence, right? A couple years after that, Georgia added the confederate flag to their state flag and SC raised a confederate flag above their statehouse dome.
It doesn’t really matter. What matters is how people alive today are affected by it. Black Lives Matter.

