Coronavirus: NC woman fights COVID-19 after husband dies of virus


Boyle column: Pandemic fatigue is real, but so are COVID-19 deaths

Great article, im glad someone is offering a sober account on what is going on. Thanks for the great article, and encouraging us to continue standing together and being patient with what could have been a lot worse. We will make it through this, stay positive people.
Must be nice to not have to worry about money....
i have to work everyday as an essential employee, and while i’m lucky and thankful for the paycheck, i’m also very stressed about taking the virus home to my wife, who has been isolated & working from home for the last 5 weeks .. I can’t isolate, i can’t social distance at work, i cant work remote, i can’t avoid crowds or vendors coming in from all over the state.. it’s very draining thinking about all the interactions i’m forced into having, and if one of these will lead to me to carry the virus home to my family. Honestly i’d rather stay home, cut back expenses, and collect my unemployment benefit for 3-6 mos than be forced to expose my household on a daily basis.
He's been laid off one week in four. He's got money worries too.
So odd, it’s almost like you are saying that we should trust the government to look out for our best interests......
Federal government didn't shut down our state. Talk to Cooper if you want money.
I don't know if we can trust the government, but we can definitely hold the government liable when they make massive glaring fuck ups over and over and over again in the course of trying to deal with one issue after ignoring it and then downplaying it, then lying about it, then spewing misinformation, then lining the pockets of cronies, then lying some more and deflecting any responsibility, then denying support to states based on political affiliation, then faulting states for not reopening when they lack the tools to even measure the problems or address the disease.  I don't expect the government to look out for my best interest, but I sure don't expect them to take every opportunity to fuck me over either.
The story about insider trading from Members of congress seems mostly forgotten, which is a shame.   Those people ought to spend quite a few years as guests of the state.
Are we calling all flu deaths avoidable now?   How about aids deaths? 700000 avoidable American deaths and counting.    How about car accident deaths?  38000 avoidable deaths a year.   You need to leave your r/coronavirus r/politics r/worldnews echo Chambers.  They are nothing but propaganda and are only poisoning your mind. Seriously have they ever been right about anything?
He tried, don't you remember him getting called racist for trying to shut down travel to China?    Trump is obviously a failure he didn't do what expert doom sayer u/turkeyfucker thought needed done.  u/turkeyfucker gets all his information from r/coronavirus and r/politics everyone knows how good their track record is they've *never* been wrong and they obviously don't push blatant propaganda at every opportunity.    I'm not going to leave my house until the coronavirus is gone the covid-19 expert u/chickenfucker has convinced me with his amazing ability to be right about absolutely everything, everyone should do the same
Are you equating the current pandemic (highly contagious virus) to yearly car accidents? If so, you might want to leave the analysis of covid-19 to those with a better grasp of the context here.
Are you trying to say that every covid death is avoidable?  Have you looked at the stats for this? It's mostly old sick people   All car accidents are avoidable.  I'd venture a guess that a good percentage of the covid deaths would have happened pretty soon anyway.    I'd recommend not getting all your information from a perpetually wrong group of doom sayer children.
Oooooh, are you down to ad hominem attacks now?   Sorry to see your struggles...
Duh. China hates us, they want this to be as bad as possible for us. They've obviously decided it's in their better interest to cause as much division as they can.  They count on people like you to cause and promote division, although I'm sure they're pushing the open up side as well. You've drank their kool-aid by the pitcher and are actively posting Chinese propaganda.  r/politics and r/coronavirus are propaganda filled shit holes.    Please please think before you further their cause, You're better than that. I'm honestly sad that you've allowed yourself to be so swayed by them.
Really, that’s your best now?
>So letting the virus spread is making things better?  Honestly we don't know, there's so many variables here that anyone who says for sure is lying. It also depends on what you value. As far as modern times go this is unprecedented. Also this virus is going to spread with lockdown or without all of us will catch it eventually, thinking otherwise is dumb/extremely misinformed.   >I am not the one standing at the capital armed waving a traitor's flag.  Dude you literally just posted Chinese propaganda.  In your misguided  fervor to shit on people you think are "enemies" you have furthered the cause of a enemy country.
OK, so you're a Chinese plant nice to know.

Free Talk + COVID-19 Thread: May the 4th Be With You Edition
Use this thread to discuss how lovely Asheville suddenly is ~~without any~~ with the return of traffic and tourists, ~~or money~~.Additionally, you may use this thread to discuss the ongoing pandemic situation as it evolves. We'll refresh the thread as needed based on activity levels.* [Important Information and Links](https://www.reddit.com/r/AshevilleTest/comments/fvq71u/covid19_important_links_and_information) regarding COVID-19 (from the previous megathreads).* Most recent [Unemployment Benefits & Access Discussion Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/g0hbr1/unemployment_thread/)* [Community Resource Roundup Megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fvqh1p/community_resource_roundup_megathread_ii)* [u/JeffJacksonNC](https://www.reddit.com/u/JeffJacksonNC/)'s posts are a must read* **Anyone who can sew and has time to spare**, [please read this thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/fv1k6y/if_youre_bored_at_home_and_can_sew)* [List of previous megathreads](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/search?q=covid%20megathread&restrict_sr=on&include_over_18=off&sort=new&t=all)Thanks to everyone for their optimism, patience, and civility in these trying economic times.
Does anyone else have a lot of barking dogs in their neighborhood? I know it's a total first world problem, but it's so annoying! Off Charlotte St.
Man, I just saw someone driving the wrong way down 26, coming up the exit 23 ramp. That was bananas.
Selfish post of Cinco de Mayo  Aside from Munoz, what other Mexican restaurants are open for pick-up  Any Togo Rita's?
So many people out at the grocery store, especially families with little kids. Wtf? Elderberry syrup doesn’t make you immune to covid
Best time to visit Trader Joe's? Last week I tried to go as soon as they opened (9 am) but the line stretched around the block to their parking lot. If I don't get my hands on some Scandinavian Swimmers I might not last another week at home.
I remember hearing/reading a while back that if you traveled out of state you had to quarantine for 14 days.  I couldn’t remember if it was a state rule or a county rule.   Has this been lifted?  Where is it/was it?   I’ve been looking for the last hour and can’t find it. My mom has a doctors appointment in TN she want me at end of May and I had an out of state trip planned mid June. Trying to find details.
Any word on antibody testing in Asheville? Pretty sure I had a mild case when this all started, but would like to know for sure.
What types of potted plants do you guys plant around this time?
Where can I get bread flour? Gotta get my sourdough rising!
My neighbor moved out and randomly left two unopened 12-packs of elastic headbands behind. I was thinking they might be good for someone who is making masks and needs elastic. Anyone want them? I sprayed them with sanitizer.
When the apocalypse comes (any day now) we'll be sharing our favorite dog recipes over at r/thehotspot.
Yes. Pls call the nonemergency police number to alert them. More than you are annoyed by this and the owners need to be schooled in how not to piss off their neighbors.
Yes. It wasn't an issue before, but I can't figure out how this could be a result of COVID.
We are ordering from the Ay Caramba over off fairview road by the Gold's Gym. My favorite Carnitas in town and 15% off today.
Taco Temple
White Labs, Mountain Madre and Cantina Louie have Margarita mixes to go.
El Que Pasa
Unmasked mom and three kids at Ingles today buying organic produce. Yup.
Honestly - I went around 1 last week and the line was right to the corner of the building. i got in within 10 minutes and it was a pleasant shopping experience overall!
I went Friday night at 6:25 (they close at 7pm). Waited in line for about 10 mins. It was so nice to shop without the store being insanely packed!!! PS- they have sour swimmers now 😛
That line moves super fast. In fact I think the line stretching that long is less than 50 ppl which is how many they let in at a time. I was last in line stretched back to the parking lot and got in right away at 9a once they opened to the general public.
I usually go late morning on a weekday. The line moves quickly!
It's Buncombe County
the tests are inaccurate.. wait for a nationally standardized antibody test
This close to mothers day you can put mostly anything in. However, frost this weekend seems like a real possibility. I do my tomatoes in 5 gallon buckets. Herbs should be close good to go (basil, cilantro, parlsey, oregano etc. for me)
City Bakery is selling flour, including 50 lb. bags if you need a lot of it...
Pls give to either BeLoved House who are gathering materials or Saniway vacuum store in WVL who has been supplying materials. Thanks!
> r/thehotspot  an essential business
Way more people walking.  And more people walking dogs more often.  And dogs bark when people walk by, and even moreso when people walk by with dogs.
Good to know. Thanks.
Ooh, man! Pucker up.
Thanks, appreciate the intel.
Thanks I finally found it    https://www.buncombecounty.org/common/health/04-30-20-Stay-Home-Guidance-Final.pdf  It’s under hotels and short term rentals
Where do you think I could find mint seeds? Also what do you think about planing garlic bulbs?
Awesome!
The roucous in my neighborhood starts around sundown 🤷‍♀️
You can get mint seeds a lot of places in town, ranging from small garden shops (Fifth Season, Reems Creek, etc.) to Sow True Seed (speedy local mail order) to big box stores like Home Depot. As for garlic, I always plant mine in the fall, but I think some folks plant in spring? Maybe someone else here can offer some guidance there, but generally my understanding is here you plan in the fall for a summer harvest.
Maybe they hear the people howling to support healthcare workers?  Dunno.  Dogs in my neighborhood go ape shit when they see/hear/smell bears.
And bears are out more now because of less cars and people about, particularly around Beaucatcher Mt.

Free viral testing for COVID-19 in Buncombe County on May 12 & 14

Yeah, everyone's going to line the fuck up to be the first to get into Hillcrest.
They always do this in the poors' backyard.  We don't even understand what these tests mean yet. 🙄
"On **May 14**, the **Buncombe County Schools Central Office** (175 Bingham Road) will host another testing site, also from **1-4 p.m.** "  &#x200B;  "Locations for testing sites were selected with the virus's disproportionate impact on people of color in mind"  &#x200B;  Sorry this round of testing wasn't especially made for you.
So you think it should be done in the rich neighborhoods? What do you have against “the poor”.
It's only 3 hours a day for 3 days. There won't be time for anyone but the poorest of the poor.
Why shouldn’t the most vulnerable among us not be at the front of the line? And what’s stopping you from going to Hillcrest? Are you afraid of “poor people”. Nice code by the way.
Why does someone’s net worth determine the value of their life?

Music venues need our help more than ever to survive the effects of Covid-19.

I just want to go back to The Grey Eagle!
I'll remember the OP after security followed me into the men's room at one show to make sure I wasn't up to no good then stood behind me at another because I wasn't dancing like everyone else. Yeah, f ya.
Exact same thing has happened to so many of my male friends, my husband...staff peeking over bathroom stalls, patrons getting kicked out for no reason. Not only that...they oversell it every time...it’s just a miserable place to see a show
They were just looking to see if you were doing drugs so that they could confiscate them for themselves.
Orange peel sucks, just wish the salvage station could stick around.
When the shows at Biltmore House are more alluring, you know something is wrong. At least there the security folks don't follow you into the bathrooms.
I went to SS a few times, not bad. But they annoy Historic Montford(tm) so they are OK in my book.
What's the inside scoop on the Salvage Station? Are they a victim of COVID-19, or were they flailing before?
Nah the bridge projects gonna go right over top of them so I think they said last summer they had 2 more years.

Coming from abroad. Need to get COVID-19 tested when I get to Asheville. Is there a comprehensive list of testing places?
I’m coming from abroad to visit my mom (81). I can’t go straight to her house after 40 hours of airport and airplane exposure, so I’m gonna have to get a hotel and try to get tested. Is there a list of places that are testing? I’m especially looking for places where anyone can go, not just medical workers and people showing symptoms. Where I currently live, testing is pretty widely available in major cities and anyone who can afford a test can get tested easily and they get the results back to you in less than 24 hours. I got mine in 12 hours. I guess I’m looking for something similar so I don’t have to spend two weeks in a hotel before seeing my mom. Thanks!
Yes! I work with a global team working on this dashboard that's up to date (the set zoom should take you right to Asheville): https://findcovidtesting.com/fae80001-3578-ba4b-5289-655c49eef06d
Don’t forget to self isolate for a little while! 5-7 day incubation time I think. Have fun on your visit! Sorry everything is closed.
Thanks! Great resource!
this
Awesome info! And thanks for the extra tips about symptoms.

"COVID-19 INDUSTRY GUIDANCE: Dine-In Restaurants"

It looks like you are trying to post an inquiry about moving to Asheville. Luckily, we have a weekly thread devoted to your questions and it's usually stickied at the top of /r/Asheville. Given the circumstances around COVID-19, it is not currently stickied at the top but when a mod sees your post, we'll try to send it to you. As you can imagine, folks are not excited about the prospect of people moving to town right now, so I would recommend waiting until the virus calms down before asking your question. In the meantime, be sure to check out the [/r/Asheville FAQ for Moving](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/wiki/moving) and searching the sub for key words. **If your post is obviously not about moving/visiting, please hold tight and the moderators will approve it shortly.** If we haven't approved it, please send us modmail and we'll get it approved.   ----    *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/asheville) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Lieutenant governor tells NC pastors: COVID-19 limits part of the culture war against Christianity

Bars, strip clubs, rock concerts, and movie theatres are all still shut down, but somehow this is a secular conspiracy to stop people from going to church?
How does a group that’s so pandered to develop such a persecution complex?
War against Christianity? You mean the requirement that also applies to mosques temples and synagogues?
What an asshat.  No one is stopping you( dear fake Christian snowflakes) from having the service outside in the nice God given sunshine for the next couple of weeks.
RIP First Amendment
Wow lots of people who will roast in hell ITT  What gives me comfort is knowing when I can finally leave this earth... all of you will join Satan in the lake of fire... Jesus Christ is the King of Kings and Lord of lords.... sorry you and your degenerate pastor’s will slide into hell with you
They're fucking morons.  Plain, simple minded, willfully ignorant, morons.
it’s literally what they are spoon fed from the bible, from the first words they hear, thru vacation bible school, all the way to adulthood. what a silly cult
Become?
When conservatism was created. They are the original victims.
What a charmer lol.
Your attitude and demeanor on this website, where does one start, is abhorrent! I suppose when you read the bible you skimmed through it and missed the finer points and real message. Kindness, understanding, forgiveness, love, empathy, sympathy, patience, are the teachings of christ and the real message you overlooked. But it's ok right, you can appear as vertious and pious as you want but the gates of heaven are not going to be opened for you when you get there. Aside from every comment you have made in the month your account has been active being very unchristian, you should take your bitter self over to r/gatekeeping because that's all you have for ammunition. I am a minister just so you dont get your serotonin levels ramped thinking you are going to have a battle of faith.
Where is this lake of fire?  I assume somewhere in middle Florida.
It's been very discouraging to see how few of our elected officials have respect for the constitution during this pandemic.
Sentences were attempted
Assumes facts not in evidence.

NC COVID-19 Update: Cases jump by nearly 900 in 24 hours

While this is still not great, we need to remember that NC is ramping up testing, leading to higher infection counts. I think our positive test rate is about 8.25%, which is about average for the last couple of days. That number peaked mid April at 17%. I’m not trying to say that things are getting better, because they’re probably not, just hoping to provide a silver lining.
NOBODY could have foreseen this!
Buncombe County's numbers have been low because there has been virtually no testing.  I won't speculate as to *why* it might be beneficial to keep those numbers artificially low, but they've been that way for a while. We are going to see those number explode, especially as they extend testing to PVA and various trailer hovel hives.
but I nEeD a HaIrCuT!!!!
This is my shocked face.  ಠ_ಠ
No testing numbers and reporting caught up  Come on people you’re smarter than this
The Tyson plant in Wilkes County is probably a big reason for this. Wilkes went from a month of 3 total cases, to over 400 in about two weeks once they started testing Tyson employees. That plant also has employees who commute from nearby counties, so it's not just Wilkes being hit. The silver lining is that it seems most of these new Wilkes cases are being counted as recovered already, and hospitalizations haven't jumped dramatically yet.
Is this just going to cause us to go back to a stay at home order?
Yeah, I wonder how much is due to ramped up testing and how much due to increases. I am guessing increases due to lack ended restrictions won’t show up for another week based on what little I know
Just think of how many missed cases there were before we ramped up testing.
We’re also improving our testing methodology. I believe there’s a 15% false negative rate (as reported in the US) due to improper sample collection methods, so even people who were obviously sick (or died of COVID) might come up negative and they’d retest them and they’d come back positive.
We're also to expect a spike in cases as we open up more and more. We're a week out from the first opening, and given the time it takes the virus to start showing symptoms, we're seeing that spike. As people realize it's better to wear a mask than go back into lockdown, more and more will do it, leading to lower and lower infection levels.
You remember when we started testing the public some weeks ago? Then they pulled all the testing and said “we’re only testing people who have been in high risk situations or are deathly ill”.   They’re not saying ‘here’s the tests just come right on in and we’ll come out to your car and test you’ anymore. So bottom line is China is saying they’re fine. I work with the public and I feel perfectly fine taking my chances without a mask. We just gotta bite that bullet and open back up. It’s inevitable and we’re only digging a hole we might not be able to climb out of.
*shrieks in entitlement*
I love how this has become a straw man for people who want to re open for other legitimate reasons just because a FEW people had signs that said something about haircuts.  It's amazing to see propaganda grown from a little seedling to be spread to every corner of reddit for people to smugly type out and get their rocks off feeling superior to someone.  Just out of curiosity how intelligent and self satisfied did you feel typing that? I'm not upset, just trying to understand. It really does fascinate me.
No one has the political cojones to do that, and it certainly won't be mandated from federal.  Just buckle in for the ride.
No, probably not. We will no more over the next couple days
Exactly. There are very few tests here.  I have been working this whole time, so I've been driving and the number of out of state tags I have seen ramped up is disturbing. If we were doing pretty good a week ago I bet next week, not so much.
So the solution is to just keep testing people until the positive test rate is below 3%? I’m not quite sure what you’re saying. Couldn’t it be that we are just starting to test enough and that our positive test rate actually reflects infected number? Look at how we’re handling all this. To me it seems that we might just have more infected than south korea
I don't believe more and more people will wear masks. I believe as time goes forward more and more people will act like the entire thing is over with. And it's not like the President is doing anything to recommend masks being worn when he won't wear them himself.
Is everyone just going to downvote this person without explaining? Because that makes your case look weaker, and his look stronger.
So. Many. Floridians. I've become decently satisfied with my place in life, I've worked through a lot, but I have this gnawing disgust of rich non-tax paying, loud-mouth big-car huge-plastic nasty ass Floridians.
People get uncomfortable and double down on their beliefs and sides when it's pointed out that they're literally just repeating straw man propaganda.   I bet if you surveyed people who wanted to open back up and their reasons, getting a haircut would be one of the last things they'd give as a reason. It would be a majority of people who can't pay their bills, can't keep their businesses going, and people who just want the freedom to decide risking infection for going about their lives.  If you surveyed people on reddit on WHY they think people want to open up, it would be "THEY WANT HAIRCUTS" "THEY WANT MUH FRREDUM!" etc... Instead of taking a real human look a the situation, they're blinded by this idea that people are just dumb/greedy and want to get haircuts and fill their own pockets because of posts on this website that show idiotic signs and a VERY small minority of stupid people shouting.   Propaganda is REAL and it's on both sides EVERYWHERE. All you have to look at is the common "muh freedum" "Ben Gazi!" "Obama's Tan suit!" shit that get's posed all the time on this website to see it.  Even pointing stuff like this out gets shit on here on reddit. Every time I point something like this out, I get "Oh, so you understand it all, Mr "enlightened centrist"!  It's impossible to more level headed on the internet, because you get bashed so much that people run back to their echo chambers and eat up that confirmation bias. People are so out of touch with sitting down and thinking something through from another point of view or lifestyle, both right and left.
They are ubiquitous.  Imagine what it will be like once the hotels "allow" them back.  There isn't a universe in which cases don't spike 10-14 days from now, then again 14 days after Memorial Day weekend.  We need the tourists for businesses to bounce back.  But you are kidding yourself if you don't think they are bringing disease to WNC.
As someone from Florida, who isn't any of those things, replace "Jew" with "Floridians" in your sentences and imagine someone else saying it, and you realize how bigoted you are.
Im not saying 8% of the state has it, I’m saying that 8% of tests conducted come back positive in the data published today. I don’t disagree with you but as we test more, wouldn’t the lower of amount of positive tests represent the same population of infected? So if 100 are tested and 20 tests come back positive thats 20% positive test rate. If we had tested 200 and the same 20 came back positive, giving us a 10% positive rate, the only thing thats changed is that we’ve used more test kits.  I might just not quite understand how this works but this was the math I did this morning.
The haircut signs can about because of a state official having his haircut while telling his constituents that barber shops had to close.
I think they've absorbed the MSM's tendencies to put a negative sign in front of the word Trump, which allows them to forgo any critical thinking.  Ironically, I think it's also a privileged view of the open/don't open debate. (Recall this glaringly out-of-touch - and yet super popular - Patton Oswald tweet: "Anne Frank spent 2 years hiding in an attic and we’ve been home for just over a month with Netflix, food delivery & video games and there are people risking viral death by storming state capital buildings & screaming, ‘Open Fuddruckers!’")  The propaganda is completely real on all sides and most entreatments for nuance, like your own, will be heavily downvoted and mocked. Especially when there's fear involved and "all about you, Are losing theirs [their heads] and blaming it on you."
Why are restaurants not requiring employees to wear masks? I’m seeing cooks and cashiers handling carry out not wearing masks.
also, if the statement doesn't apply to you, don't be mad. if you live here and work here and pay taxes here, you're slightly less a part of our half-back problem, aren't you?
Sorry, I didn't realize "Florida" was a religion.
This is the stupidest comment I’ve read all day
naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. see, that's where you're wrong. but then, how could you know?
Thanks for being the only reasonable one to sit down and think this through with me. Good analysis.
So ideally we use the tests now so that we don’t need them so much in the future. I’m picking up what you’re putting down now.
Happy to! We'll move back to my hometown AVL (or its surroundings) soon and hopefully can be friends. (In NYC now and dealing w/ the constant ridiculous panic and extreme behavior that compelled me to respond to your post.)
Yep, that's why NC is hiring at least 500 contact tracers.  The problem is that their job becomes much harder without sufficient testing.

Coronavirus: Buncombe County COVID-19 cases jump 31%, total 174

I think mandatory testing should be considered. If you are going back to work, you need to be tested prior to doing so.   At least install thermal sensors at all ingress or egress points of essential businesses so potential carriers can be identified. Combine that with compulsory contact tracing via NFC on all mobile platforms, and we will have a good start on beating this thing.  Obviously, the only real safe bet is a vaccine. I'm limiting my contact with anyone until we have at least one widely available option approved by the FDA.
Yeah, it’s more than a little concerning. I want to open back up, both for the work and my own declining sanity, but safely and with hotels possibly opening next week, it’s like we re walking into Johnny carpenters fog 🤦‍♂️

North Carolina leads the nation in COVID-19 outbreaks at meatpacking plants - Enlace Latino

CPUSA can eat a bag of dicks.
Absolutely agreed.
Yikes.
What does that have to do with this article or topic?
Are you disputing the facts of the article? Or just spouting vitriol about unrelated things?  Asking for a friend.
If that’s your reaction to mean words I wonder what your reaction to life in an actual communist country would be.
Do you say the same thing when someone is like “pffft Fox News, whatever”. Better yet, what if it was posted by the Fascist Party USA. Would you say the same thing?  It doesn’t have anything to do with it though. Actual communism just sucks for those who actually have to live through it. Anyone who thinks it’s great either hasn’t experienced it (hasn’t had to stand in a bread line) or if they did was family of a party elite.
Because source matters?  Edit: Not referencing the source of the article, but rather the sub it was crossposted from
People on here always ask “do you mean something other than what you said?” I said that CPUSA can eat a bag of dicks. That means that CPUSA can eat a bag of dicks. So can you. Hey I thought that you blocked people who’s thoughts make you uncomfortable. Didn’t you make a whole post about how this sub has a bunch of trolls (people with differing views than you) and “how do I block people who challenge my worldview?” Whatever happened to that? You shouldn’t even see what I post.
Oh no, I was just joking.
Yea I'm not going to get into a debate about that with you. I am confused why you would bring it up though, because I see nothing to link this source with CPUSA.
But that's not the source, or the source cited in the story. Unless I'm missing something.
Isn't it sad that every shit post is from an account that's a month old and - Karma out the ass? The troll is high with this one.
Happy to oblige your request.  So, back to my point... Do you dispute the headline or article about infected meat workers? Or did you just want to say rude things about an unrelated topic?    I'll take my answer off the air before I cooperate with your request to be blocked.
If everyone asks you "did your mean..." try making your points more clearly.  Apparently folks are confused and looking for you to explain better.  Enjoy joining my list of blocked AVL Redditors.  Never imagined someone would request to be blocked.  *Shrug*
Bread lines are super funny haha!
Ah, but you repeat yourself. Understandable if you haven’t actually experienced the corruption of a communist regime first hand.
It’s cross posted from their subreddit.
Gotcha, I stand corrected. I was referencing the cross-posting from CPUSA.
“Everyone that disagrees with me is a troll”
Are you fucking retarded? Did it sound like I disputed it? Do you care if I do or not? You’re not interested in debate. You’re just interested in sounding cute and getting your dopamine hit from upvotes. Focus on that.
How much clearer can “eat a bag of dicks” be? “omg I wonder what he means by that? 🤔”  I dont care if you block me. Was just curious if your other post about that was for real or if it was just a “please look at me” moment.
ok
Seems irrelevant that someone you don't like is also talking about it. That's not the source.
Nothing but negative Karma is a cross to bear, ain't it?
“For a short time”. That explains it. You dont know what it’s actually like. Here the corporations steal from you with government blessing. There the government steals from you directly. Be careful what you wish for. If you get as bent out of shape over a virus as you do, there is no way you could make it under the boot of a communist regime. Talk about privileged.

Today 1-4 PM : Free COVID-19 Testing
   * *Looking to get tested for COVID-19?* This week, free [community-based testing](https://mountainx.us1.list-manage.com/track/click?u=9d228a0ff74d70106f4c24d95&id=ea26c8388d&e=3d6d0cb125) will be available      at Sandy Mush Community Center on Wednesday, May 20, 1-4      p.m. and Deaverview Apartments on Thursday, May 21, 1-4 p.m. Also,      check the NCDHHS' [comprehensive list of testing locations](https://mountainx.us1.list-manage.com/track/click?u=9d228a0ff74d70106f4c24d95&id=b2d6835bef&e=3d6d0cb125) across      the state, which includes seven locations in Buncombe County.
CANCELLED TODAY DUE TO WEATHER

Cooper administration to continue COVID-19 briefings with no reporters present, will continue screening callers and deciding who does and does not get to ask questions.
The Cooper administration to continue COVID-19 news briefings with no reporters present. They will continue screening callers and deciding who does and does not get to ask questions.https://www.carolinajournal.com/news-article/cooper-administration-to-continue-covid-19-news-briefings-with-no-reporters-present/
You mean like a normal press conference?  Pretty weak attempt at an attack.
After seeing u/DukeOfMarshall's comments over time, I am not sure there is much that we agree on politically. However, here, I do agree with him or her. Free press is a core tenent of our democracy. Whether you agree with Cooper's handling of the pandemic or not, the press should be allowed to freely ask questions of him and his administration. This is especially true during those briefings where major announcements are being made, e.g. starting a new phase of reopening.   I was equally (maybe more so) troubled when several of Trump's press secretaries stopped holding regular briefings. The press is a vital check on the government overreach and corruption. If they are shut out, government oversight is diminished.
Oddly like Mr. Trump in that.... who knew?
The DHHS Secretary is doing virtual conferences every weekday and the governor regularly joins her so I don’t really see the problem. Even if it was in person the governor still chooses who to take questions from.
Cooper has a lot in common with Raul Castro in Cuba... Back when Obama had that press conference with Castro in Cuba, Castro was totally flabbergasted and angry that he was asked non pre approved questions from the American press
Exactly! Thank you.
Restrictions on the freedom of press is not proper for government to do. Even choosing someone to take a question from is a world of difference from picking what questions make it through. The main point is that Ray Cooper gets a pass on these shenanigans simply because he has a D next to his name, but if a republican governor/president were to do the same thing, all the lefties and reporters would be up in arms over it.
Birds of a feather I guess.
You're drunk on the kool-aid.
Serious question: how do you feel about Trump's treatment of the press?
So you’d rather have him shout fake news at reporters. Or be a complete asshole when someone asks a question he doesn’t like?
Although he hasn't shied away from voicing his opinion about various news outlets, he still allows reporters into his press conferences and to even freely ask questions without pre-approval. He even allows that walking diaper stain, jim acosta, in there. However, any politician who doesn't respect transparency and wishes to control what information goes out (China), but still with an appearance of free press, bans reporters and only allows questions that play into the agenda (Cooper). But yeah, Trump and the press may be at a difference of opinion with each other, but Trump hasn't banned or regulated freedom of the press. At least not that I know of at the moment. I'll say that much.
Do I support Ray Cooper's freedom of speech as well as think he should not restrict transparency and the press? Ummm.............. Yes.
He allows them to ask questions, then berates them publicly for "nasty questions" or being "bad people" rather than responding.  Anyway, thanks for the polite reply.  I agree that more transparency in government is always a good thing.
So is it supposed to be some kind of insult that you call him “Ray”?
Yes, the president has his own opinions and freedom of speech. Shouldn't he have freedom of speech?
The "great" Hillary Clinton introduced him as Ray Cooper. Is Hillary wrong? ;)
Sure. But he also ought to be held accountable through questions from the press.  Anyway, I'm certain we have differing opinions on this and I just was curious about your take.  Have a lovely grey cool day, fellow Redditor.
Obviously yes
I agree, every elected official ought to be held accountable through unscreened questions from the press.  Thanks. Stay dry, stay in good spirits, and God speed.
lol, Normally yes.
It’s really sad how you can’t get over her.
Oh no, you misunderstand. Given how certain people who might oppose her randomly disappear at times, I want it to be public knowledge that I completely support her, she's never done anything wrong, and the 2016 election was TOTALLY stolen from this saintly, strong, and brave woman. ;)
Thanks for proving my point. She’s done, why even care about her anymore

﻿570 employees at Tyson Plant in Wilkesboro test positive for COVID-19

So a single factory in NC has more cases than all of Taiwan! It's amazing how poorly the US has handled this outbreak.
But by all means, let’s jump into Phase 2... /s
Add it to the list of reasons to avoid eating Tyson chicken at all costs 🤷‍♂️
Fuck Tyson. Fuck ConAgra. Fuck Bayer. These companies will be the death of us.
My heart just sank. I have a family farm just south of Wilkesboro. This is incredibly concerning. Lots of loved ones in the area and I still very much consider it my home away from Asheville.  One very alarming thing I can say is that this isn't going to be a centralized thing. It's highly likely that most of these employees aren't locals. Tyson notoriously crams workers onto busses from surrounding areas on a daily basis, which explains the high number of cases. They'll be spreading it to their own communities. This is very, very bad.
The story below that one ....Covid-19 parties? Wtf, ffs.  What a hopeless level of ignorance.
Actually, it's North Wilkesboro. Completely different town, though right beside it. News got it wrong. It made NYT's list at #2 for next outbreak hot spot   [https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/23/upshot/five-ways-to-monitor-coronavirus-outbreak-us.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/23/upshot/five-ways-to-monitor-coronavirus-outbreak-us.html)
This is terrible. So many people in Wilkes work at that plant and just imagining the interactions they had with the community before knowing they were infected makes my heart sink.
I think this goes to show that the infection rate is much higher than initially thought and the death rate much lower. 25% of tested were positive with majority being asymptomatic. Pretty scary numbers in regards to infection rate.
All the more reason to go vegan 🌱♥️🍆🍅🍌🍑
Vegans will be ecstatic
So a single factory in NC has more cases than all of Taiwan! It’s predictable how poorly the US has handled this outbreak. Hope ya don’t mind, FTFY
Are we testing more or are we handling it worse? Who knows?
I'll put the nail in the coffin for anyone considering:   I have a farm right off a stretch of highway that many chicken trucks use to transport from the coops to the plant. Occasionally, a chicken or two will slip out of the cages en-route and fall onto the road. More often than not, they will be alive just sitting in the road, too heavy to move under their own weight. Maybe 1/2 mi away, I have free range chickens and have been plagued by coyote and hawk attacks over the years. They won't even touch those Tyson chickens. I've seen chicken corpses sit untouched along the road side for *days*. It's screwed up.
About to move out of parents house. Glad I'm about to get away from corporate, processed food. My place is close to a lot of smaller grocers and markets, planning on mostly using those.
Yes!  And this poultry warning is from a PrizedTurkey, no less!  I call FOWL!
that's why it gets a chlorine bath. :x
But the Tyson processing plant is in downtown Wilkesboro right beyond Main Street. I think the feed mill is in roaring river. I’m not aware of a Tyson factory in n Wilkesboro  Edit: just talked to a farmer who lives in Wilkesboro and they confirmed it’s Wilkesboro and not their neighbor across the yadkin. Wilkesboro is an awful place.  Wake forest baptist health hospital is in n Wilkesboro and maybe they run the tests out of there and that’s why there is confusion
Where are they getting the Cases and Death numbers? These don't match the NCDHHS numbers for Buncombe. Though I know the DHHS has been trying to eliminate people who died while passing though the area but I don't think there 18 of those.
Vegan or not, I think it’s fairly obvious that the working and sanitation conditions inside our meat processing plants are disgusting.
More accurate lol
Well that, and Trump is charge. Doesn’t really help.
The Taiwanese have certainly tested a higher percentage of the population. They've simply handled the outbreak better. They began to be concerned about the number of atypical pneumonia cases in Wuhan in late December (notifying the WHO despite not being a member) and began to test disembarking passengers from Wuhan for fever shortly thereafter. Not long after that they began contact tracing, and most people began wearing masks.  https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/15/asia/china-taiwan-coronavirus-ties-intl-hnk/index.html
Science.   [https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/09/world/asia/taiwan-vice-president-coronavirus.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/09/world/asia/taiwan-vice-president-coronavirus.html)
having been in Perdue's steel shed death chambers for 1,000s of chickens, I can agree that their conditions and their food is beyond abysmal
We need public subsidies for places like this, because as long as prices stay as they are, and the middle class dwindles into the lower class, places like Tyson are only going to get bigger.
Ugh, these chiconspiracy theories...
No, that's not why it gets a chlorine bath.  It got that bath long before Coronavirus because chicken already had salmonella and e-coli.  Does the chlorine help with Covid, but that's not why the bath was there.  I know you were making a joke but some person is bound think this was something new and start spreading a "rumor" that Tyson is doing something they didn't do before because "rage, blah, blah".
Correct. Tyson is in Wilkesboro.
I don't know what kind of  Tyson plant it is, but there's one right off of hwy 268. North Wilkes.   Worked with guys from n. Wilkes, got upset if you mixed the two up. Really just interesting to see it in the news. Hope y'all stay safe out there.
We literally had the worst guy possible in charge for this. Our system has showed cracks for a while now, but we'd be in not-as-bad a position if we had anyone that was at all competent.
Literally the perfect argument against big government. You can never trust it, so make sure it stays small. That's the whole idea.
But then how will Tyson's lobbyists get paid?  In my experience, international grocery stores actually have pretty good prices for raw ingredients if you know/can learn how to cook
N Wilkesboro is “highbrow” by Wilkes county standards. Fun fact there are only 3 incorporated towns/“cities” in Wilkes county: north Wilkesboro, Wilkesboro and Ronda.  Wilkes county has some beautiful areas but man the people there suck  Also I think you’re referring to the feed mill in roaring river which is right on 268 n of North Wilkesboro and south of elkin
Specifically for Asheville Area, the Buncombe County COVID Dashboard calls out 187 cases and 7 deaths.  While the NY Times dashboard calls out 202 cases and 22 deaths.   Unless we had 15 deaths in one day I'm just trying to pair up the NY numbers with our local government's.
Indeed. Pretty stark difference between Wilkesboro and N. Wilkesboro. Have a farm south of Wilkesboro in Moravian Falls - it's like paradise up there even compared to most areas here in Asheville, but a short 10-15 min drive away, and you find yourself wanting to immediately turn around.
Farm neighbors!

North Carolina Reports Highest One Day Spike Of COVID-19 Cases

Not super surprising we did more tests last week than any other week.
Glad we opened up!!! Obviously the smart thing to do... NOT!
Thanks Dukeofmarshall!
right - the % of infections is the number to look for, I believe
So the spike is due to the number of tests opposed to lifting restrictions?
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯   I doubt anyone can answer that question with any certainty.  Overall it's probably a combination. But we didn't really have anything extra open last week so I'm going to presume it's mostly the extra testing.  especially because our [hospitalizations haven't really sky rocketed](https://imgur.com/a/Gbe6OqJ)
Give it 2 weeks. I bet there will be an increase from everyone coming together, unified, in their rejection of common sense.
Well then, go ahead and educate me.

Several members of a Franklin church test positive for COVID-19, health department reports

And on the seventh day Covid started his work.
Gather, spread, repeat.
That's the lord plan. Why would they complain. Their false testimony is their own down fall!!!!! Praise christ!
Well, that didn't take long.
*surprised pikachu*
At least they practiced their freedom!!! Murica! Fuk ya!
Tots and pears.
I laughed way too hard at this. Good one! 😂
He only comments when he can pretend there are no consequences.
\*bows\*

Several members of a Franklin church test positive for COVID-19: FREEDOM!!!!!!!

Hi! Since your link has already been posted, I've deleted the thread.
Where else have i posted that? Nowhere!
I didn't say YOU posted it, I said it's already been posted. https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/gpykna/several_members_of_a_franklin_church_test/

North Carolina Reports Highest 1-Day Spike Of COVID-19 Cases

What, a week or two after reopening? Shocked
Poster from NJ here. I'm keeping tabs on this sub because for my friend's bachelorette party we're considering a July 10-13 visit and I'm concerned about the state of the state after seeing this spike on bing.com/covid.  We're happy drinking at the house and doing hikes, but I'm concerned about the possibility of things like state parks being shut down. Being from NJ, we've seen how bad this can get and the end doesn't seem to be in sight. Just trying to figure out what's possible right now.
Hi! Since this has already been posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/gpew7g/north_carolina_reports_highest_one_day_spike_of/), I've removed your thread.

Online questionnaire on the impact of covid-19 worldwide
Hello, mod approved post. I am a researcher at the University of Edinburgh in collaboration with NHS Scotland. We are conducting an online questionnaire on the effects of covid-19 virus, lockdown and social distancing.This can be completed by anyone over 18 worldwide. We currently have a large sample from the US however very few from North Carolina.Please follow the link below and let us know how you have been impacted.Also a chance to win £100 in prize draw!https://edinburgh.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/covid-19_studyThank you!!! (Feel free to share)The findings of our study will be shared in the group when finalized.For more information please contact me at kelsea.stewart@ed.ac.uk
Firstly, I think this research is pretty cool, and I’d be interested to hear what y’all find out (I’m going to take the survey right after I submit this comment).   Personally, I’ve been curious/fascinated by how the response has varied from state to state (or even region to region), in the States, that is, since I don’t know many people who live outside the US. But I’d be interested to learn how other countries and cultures have reacted and are adapting to the pandemic.   Secondly, £100 = $123.38. In case anyone is curious.
Thank you! For this questionnaire we haven't really looked into state to state (we were naive that we would all follow WHO). Definitely looking into this more in the follow up. Will also be sharing findings in the follow up
Oh, sorry, I didn’t mean to suggest that your team was looking at state to state data (US states, that is), just that the people I’ve been able to talk to about this pretty much all live in the US, and I’ve found it really interesting, and in some cases surprising, how wildly the response and reaction to the pandemic can vary from state to state, or even city to city, in some cases.   And if it varies that much here (and granted, the US is wacky that way, as I’m sure everyone is aware), I’d be very interested to learn how the response/reaction and impact varies across countries and cultures. Looking forward to the follow-up!

"Small" number of Mission Hospital staff test positive for COVID-19

Situation is not good. 12 ish nurses out with suspected Covid on PMPC (covid unit). Multiple radiology techs out. At least one patient on high flow O2 suspected to be false negative test blowing corona everywhere. I want to remind people that these health care workers likely have been asymptomatic and potentially out in the community, at a grocery store, hiking trail, and as of Friday at a restaurant. We'll see where this goes, but I am not super thrilled to be working at Mission right now.
Why cant the Hospital say how many?
I had a specialist appointment last Friday (May 22nd), and Mission forgot to take my temperature at the check-in desk, where they're supposed to be doing it.  I get to the specialist's office, and I'm handed a clipboard with paperwork to fill out, and a pen, by a nurse with bare hands. I saw no sanitizer on the reception desk, so I doubt the clipboard or pen are being sanitized between patients.  I get called back, and the *same nurse * (still bare handed) takes my vitals, including my temperature orally. I watched her walk from reception to the exam room with me, and she never washed or sanitized.  The worst part - the specialist office works with folks that are generally elderly and/or have a respiratory condition as a side effect.  Thankfully, I'm relatively young, and my underlying freak heart condition is well managed, but I'm *not* going for a followup until there's a treatment and/or vaccine.  I'm totally not surprised that Mission staff are being affected with practices like these. I fully support the nurse unionization effort (still in progress, as far as I know).   Pre-HCA purchase, I trusted Mission - they once saved one of my kids' lives, and later my own. Plus numerous other random ER visits. Now, I'll think about driving to a different hospital instead of Mission.
It's moving through the area now, and has been for 3-4 weeks when it started to hit Henderson County. Expect to see more cases for the next several weeks in Buncombe and surrounding counties. Keep your face masks on in enclosed spaces and you'll probably be find.
I had to go into the ER 6 weeks ago to have my hand worked on, and during my experience ever single person I interacted with was extremely careful to practice every safety precaution they could. I had my temp taken and never touched another human except for the nurse who worked on my injury, with all the necessary gear.  Everyone had on gloves, masks, scrubs, etc, and they made sure I kept my stuff on. They even have me a better mask because I only had a painter's respeirator with me when I got there.   But for perspective, this was 6 weeks ago, and it was the ER.  They also had the tent you had to walk through to get checked out on the way in.  Side note, I went for a follow up two weeks ago at WNCCHS and they had the outside check point, and everyone there had on masks, both clients and people working there. I didn't have to go upstairs for that visit, so I can't speak for upstairs.
Yep. I have a lot of friends and family in medicine, and I went to a Super Bowl party with plenty of them in attendance talking about suspected patients they were treating hours earlier. And this was back in Feb. They were sitting on the couch in their shift scrubs, too.   And none of them have changed their habits. They still regularly go out, touch things, touch their kids, go to parties, bars, travel to pick up shifts at other hospitals, still using dating apps, etc.   I get that medical staff need room to breathe and should have other luxuries right now, but it’s pretty clear where the spread is coming from.
Is it still called Mission??? ..'cause the only mission they are on is for money.
Probably cause it's a little higher than they would like.
If it makes you feel any better, research seems to show that covid can't survive on surfaces. The HVAC system is much more dangerous than an unsanitized clipboard or even skin to skin contact. Masks really are the best protection we have.
as long as the others in those closed spaces wear their masks. your mask keeps you from spreading to others - so its only when others wear their masks that you are protected
Yeah. HIPPA won't let them name names, but numbers are fair game if you aren't a filthy, corrupt, shiteating company.

Coronavirus: Asheville nursing home COVID-19 deaths jump from 4 to 14

Wow so a bunch of old people who are near death died from a virus? Man, we’re fucked. Stay in your house everyone!
What a heartless response to the loss of human life.
Exactly the callous, self-centered response we expect here on Reddit. Especially considering those working in the nursing homes are exposed, too. Along with their families and everyone those family members come into contact with, the people they shop next to in the grocery stores, the folks at the bank, those (including other patients) in other medical facilities they frequent (or end up at once infected), the family members of other residents,  so on.  But sure. We'll pretend a super-contagious virus is just going to stick to those old farts who are already just dead meat walking, and not end up at your local gym or Starbucks because the guy who cleans the nursing home had to get his pump on (or, more likely, has more than one job and he's now spreading it across the gym he cleans as well as the coffee shop he part-times at on the weekends). Enjoy your lifts, bro.
My grandmother is in one of these nursing homes. She is very elderly and has dementia. I am aware that her death would not exactly be a tragedy. But dying this way, totally alone, would be brutal for her and her family. And if you look at areas that have had widespread outbreaks, plenty of are dying who would otherwise have a decade or more to live. For example, many poor black communities in the US, where diabetes and obesity are widespread, are being particularly hard hit. So while you and your friends may be fine, many people who aren't near death really are fucked. People with your attitude will make sure of this. I'm glad you don't give a shit, though.
What a rational and reasonable way to approach the deaths of your friend and neighbor’s loved ones. Although I sincerely doubt you have any friends given that your reaction to 14 families losing someone is to get cunty about politics and science denial.
Fuck you
Died suffocating and alone. I bet that just makes you giddy
It wa someone from the community who brought it in, despite knowing they had symptoms. Probably someone just like you.
I've been trying to look for a silver lining in the whole thing myself. Maybe this will help buffer social security for future generations once the unhealthiest of the boomers get decimated?      Downvote button is on the left friends.
No trust me I’m super scared. That’s the appropriate response right? Was that not the point of this post?
So we’re going to pretend that OP isn’t using these deaths to push an agenda? Sure, ok, we’ll just look past that.   Enjoy hiding in your house.
It would most certainly be a tragedy and it's ok to feel that way. I hope your grandmother stays safe.
r/iamverybadass
We can only hope you’re targeted likewise
I'm surprised we haven't seen Millennials celebrating the deaths of all these boomers for just that reason, they do hate us so.
Silver linings are not allowed here. Only irrational fear.
I only have to hide in my house because so many assholes think putting those of us with vulnerable medical conditions at risk is just the cost of "Freedom(tm)!" (aka a Starbucks and a fresh haircut).
Enjoy killing your family
Can you explain to me, in detail, this agenda that you speak of? This virus is real and highly contagious, whether you believe in it or not. I find it pretty sad that you are latching on to this narrative that people all over the world are lying about a deadly virus to push some political agenda.   I sincerely hope that you don't get sick or get anyone else sick.
Uh, we have. They’re willing to express as much showing their face to the nightly news, unlike the folks here
Oh, Captain Chaos...when will you ever learn (that you could be a better person if you reach out to someone and ask for help)?

NC’s COVID-19 death counts may give an incomplete picture of the virus’ toll

A lot more people than usual are going to die of pneumonia this year for some strange reason...
Note that the article is from 4/21, so it's not very recent. Also note that hospitals have also been over-reporting COVID as well if somebody is positive and dies from something completely unrelated if they test positive as they get paid better. I have no idea to what extent the over-reporting offsets under reporting, though.  EDIT: Added last sentence.
https://coloradosun.com/2020/05/15/colorado-coronavirus-death-certificate/  FTA: "Instead, the death figure CDPHE has been providing for weeks is more accurately described as the number of people with COVID-19 who have died — for any reason."

Restaurants put COVID-19 precautions in place while waiting to open

This is awesome to see.  I’m not personally ready to head out there yet but this sort of care and concern is exactly the sort of thing that will eventually get me there.  Love to see it!

COVID-19: Restaurants reopen as workers, owners weigh risks


June 1 to be recognized as day of mourning across N.C. for lives lost due to COVID-19


Coronavirus: NC case count jumps overnight, Buncombe up 14.5%

A note on protesters who demand "liberation now." we hear a great deal about risk factors for bad outcomes from COVID-19 exposure such as high blood pressure and diabetes. Actually the #2 indicator is obesity. Then there is the issue of masks. It is only a properly fitted N95 that provides protection. The other types such as a surgical mask... not so much. The major thing to know is there is no way a N95 can fit properly with facial hair. So boys and girls go ahead and get out there in groups with as many weapons as possible. A 14% jump is nothing. You can do better.
Where are these new cases from? Is this the kind of thing where it hits a nursing home, so the numbers go up all at once?
the public is being asked to wear masks to *prevent the wearer from spreading germs* (not from catching them).  it's believed that the virus is most often spread by asymptomatic carriers.  it is not about protecting ourselves. to do that you wash your hands and don't touch your face. and stay home.  wearing a mask is an act of altruism so i don't expect any of the protestors to care about complying with that request.
Masks help. Anything new that covers your mouth and nose. Stop spreading disinformation.
What is the death rate of a 20% spike in unemployment?  Lets compare the data and charts.  Why is this science being denied?  Poverty kills.
IIRC it's due to an increase in testing. One of the steps to reopening was getting more testing done so we could get a better idea of how many infections we actually have.
Grocery stores I'd imagine
they help reduce the spread of it, they don't protect the wearer.
Agree.  The keyword is help but not entirely protect. Cloth masks, depending upon type are basically a placebo. Surgical masks are designed to protect the patient from you but not you from the patient. If you see someone wearing a surgical mask you might notice the crease or fold about mid cheek. This provides an outlet for breath but also is a vector for incoming virus. In surgery often a faceshield is worn to protect surgical staff from spray and mist and with the addition of a surgical mask provides substantial protection but nothing compared to a properly fitted N95. The key there is "properly fitting." The mask should contain a metal tab that is used to create a seal around the ridge of the nose. The entire mask should fit firmly against the face.   Perhaps of note is that there are various sizes of N95. During the anthrax scare years ago Mission (the older kindler Mission) had every physician on staff come in and be "fitted." That's really the only way to be sure.  Be safe.
Then maybe they should be fighting for a cut of the trillions that was spent on bullshit.  Salaries for the year could have been paid, student loan debt paid, and there still would have been trillions left over. They had the money, they chose to spend it on themselves. This isn’t dems vs repubs, this is the wealthy vs. everyone else. It’s just the republicans are much better at getting there poor followers to fight for their own enslavement.
I highly doubt you cared about that before it became a weird right wing talking point
Right, so why has the median wage fallen behind increases in productivity for the past 40+ years?   Why is poverty an issue *now*, but not 3 months ago when unemployment was low but so many of the jobs available were at poverty wages?  Why does the republican party support socialism for corporations
“Poverty kills” -> votes for Trump
Agree its a bad situation. i would note that some companies are using reopening as a way to deny benefits to their employees and force them to risk their lives and come back to work. The problem with that is the risk to their family members. People need to be paid a living wage. If workers are considered essential workers now, they should be considered essential workers all the time and be paid as such.
>Lets compare the data and charts  please share
This was my thought, too.
Seems to make sense that if there’s more testing there will be more cases.
Can the public get tested anywhere in Buncombe county yet?
Every time I’ve read about a sudden jump in cases in a particular location it’s usually in a nursing home.
exactly: [https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/what-dr-fauci-wants-you-to-know-about-face-masks-and-staying-home-as-virus-spreads](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/what-dr-fauci-wants-you-to-know-about-face-masks-and-staying-home-as-virus-spreads)
Who is "they"  What spending would you like cut?  To be fair most conservatives advocate less government spending.
What difference would that make?   What is "weird" about unemployment stats and death.  There are countless studies from liberal institutions.
"why has the median wage fallen behind increases in productivity for the past 40+ years?"  Many issues.  like corporations leaving the USA combined with an increase in immigration.  "Why is poverty an issue now, but not 3 months ago when unemployment was low but so many of the jobs available were at poverty wages?" Sounds like you are changing the subject from unemployment to minimum wage laws.  $15 minimum wage would be great. Though what happens to the person with $10,11 12 13 14hr skillset?  You cant force people to hire you.  "Why does the republican party support socialism for corporations" Usually that refers to a corporation keeping more of their own money.  I wish everyone could do that. I support Tax cuts for everyone.    I am against bailouts for corps
How so?
I'm asking our beloved "experts" to share and compare this data with the American public.   They have it as does anyone else with 5mins of google search results.  You can freely read countless studies from anti poverty groups. Or non profits that fight poverty within the US.  It's  not new data.  Surely a gaint spike in unemployment will cause more hardship, poverty and death.   I would like to see those numbers compared to coronavirus deaths.  Let's see the charts and projections.  Why is this science being willfully ignored?
no  i work at a hospital, interact with patients & their food all day, and i couldn’t get one— instead i was excluded from work for several days and told to track my symptoms on an app .. so we got apps but no actual tests
Lmao. Have you seen out nation's deficit under the GOP? How is your tax cut? How is your life better today than it was 4 years ago? Anyone voting republican at this point is truly an idiot.
No it's just weird that suddenly you care . It's very 2d . You couldn't care less about people being unemployed and it's just a talking point you're parroting.  Nobody should take you or anything you say seriously
You may say you are against corporate bailouts but your post history indicates this is not an issue you actually care about.
you're the one who brought it up. so i thought you could back it up. you said compare the data so i thought you had data to compare with
An app? Seriously? Wtf is wrong with America?
You need to work on your reading comprehension.
"Have you seen out nation's deficit under the GOP?"  I have. Have you seen the spending bills passed by the house?  Did you see our deficit under Obama? What would you like to cut? Name the cuts.    "How is your tax cut?" Great. With my tax savings I was able to give more to my son.   "How is your life better today than it was 4 years ago?"  I earn more money today and I am able to keep more of it.  "Anyone voting republican at this point is truly an idiot."  I think Biden has dementia. Anyone supporting that guy is desperate. In my lifetime I have voted for all parties including independents.  Give me a better option for 2020.
Based on what evidence? How do you know this is sudden? Why would that matter?  This is a very common tactic.  "Bad person don't debate them"
How so?
Google "How many die from poverty" You will find interesting data from a broad group of researchers.
i know right?!? the tests are out there, other countries are/were testing thousands a day in every city... kiosks, drive thru, testing centers...  While our president was claiming ‘it’s a democrat hoax’ and ‘it’s going to just disappear like a miracle’, other countries were testing & tracing 10k ppl a day  The gov of Maryland just bought a boatload direct from S.Korea..  Its insane that other countries have plenty of tests, it’s not like the tech hasn’t been developed or the test has to be created.... The fumbling by the trump administration on Covid is disgusting
Yeah, I love covering my face in public and staying at home so you think you have more money. People who think like you are tuely the problem with America, and humanity.   FYI the two wars bush (GOP) started the downward spiral. How was your stocks in 2008? How about now? The end of GOP reign. See how stupid you people look?
Based on your comment history . It's literally just copy and pasted right wing bullshit because right wingers can't have original thoughts so they just repeat what they've heard from Ben Shapiro and recked by facts and logic videos   Why would one debate a bad person ? By definition they're bad.  Also this isn't a debate lol .
Matthew 7:16(Geneva Bible)  " Ye shall know them by their fruits."  Your post history is full of lamentations about lazy people, freeloaders, etc. Nary a mention of corporate handouts, oil subsidies, corn subsidies, sugar quotas, TARP, lobbyists, handouts for manu facilities. You mention that conservative politicians run on small govt platforms but never fact check the reality. Republicans presidents have GROWN the government dating back to Reagan.
I totally agree. Look at Michigan protests, Myrtle Beach, and Georgia. All open and crowded. It is about to get a lot worse. Every international friend I have has asked me what the fuck is wrong with America.  Darwin was right.
We’re talking about two different things.
"I love covering my face in public and staying at home so you think you have more money. " Huh? No comment  "People who think like you are tuely the problem with America, and humanity."  How so?  I create jobs and pay taxes. This supports social programs.   "FYI the two wars bush (GOP) started the downward spiral."  I didnt vote for bush or support the wars. Plenty of others felt the same.  "How was your stocks in 2008?"  I was too young to care about stocks.  A few years later i invested and made a great return.    "How about now?"  I'm doing ok. Took a hit but I am still in the positive territory.   "See how stupid you people look?"  Define "You people"
Feel free to ignore my post if you have nothing to add.  You can not provide information to dispute what I say so you try to attack my character.  Very common tactic.     "You are a bad man because my feelings say so"   ok I got it. Message received.    I'm moving on now.
You can quote the bible but you can't take the time to quote my past post?  I never used the words lazy or freeloader. You are a lair.  You have nothing. Not all Repulicans are conservatives. Not all republicans get my vote.
So you're a millinial. Enough said. Have a nice day.
Sorry to paraphrase, allow me to quote:  "People only worth $10, $11, $12,  $13, $14/hr."  "Eliminate minimum wage."   Both of these are veiled ways to say that people who are beneath you deserve to work for $2-3/hr, less if the smart businessman™️ can get 'em desperate. And fuck'em, if they can't demand a higher wage they should starve for being lazy or dumb. Basically a Randian wet dream of modern feudalism. It's government by money.  Again, nowhere have advocated for reducing corporate socialism, which, as the bible says, tells us you don't actually car about that.
And? The fact remains that every time I read about a sudden jump in cases it’s in a place like a nursing home. As in “hey look there’s a jump in cases, so scary!” then at the end of the article it’s “oh yeah most of these are from a nursing home”. Not sure what you aren’t understanding about what I wrote.
That's the best you have? Again based on what evidence?  Are you practicing age discrimination? Why should anyone take you seriously?  What a joke.
You lie.  Quote my post.  I was asking a question.  "15 minimum wage would be great. Though what happens to the person with $10,11 12 13 14hr skillset? You cant force people to hire you"  I'm sure there are plenty of topics I have yet to discuss on reddit. I don't care much for the bible either.  I do not support corporate bailouts.  There.. it is now in my Reddit history.
Sounds like you must be very selective in what you read, based on the numbers listed above.
So you’re saying that’s not what I read? How could you know that? Again, you don’t seem to understand what I said. I could go find links to all these articles that I’m talking about, if there was a point to doing that.
Nope, just local papers.
Let me assist you https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/04/22/unprecedented-strain-puts-pressure-food-supply-chain/5164394002/
That has nothing to do with the topic at hand. Are you sure you’re commenting on the correct thread? And by local papers I mean other places.
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought we were discussing outbreaks not in nursing homes in local papers
Still you posted a story on the food supply.
Based on cases at Smithfield.

Coronavirus: NC woman fights COVID-19 after husband dies of virus


Coronavirus: NC reopening to start May 8, Gov. Roy Cooper announces

The issue is not about Ashevillians getting out, we've been doing so all along, discretely and cautiously, which is why our numbers have been so low. The issue is bringing back the tourists from all over the country/world into our community who maybe have not  been as discrete and cautious.
Still seems like a miserable time to go out and do anything.  Half the people will be freaking out about sanitary conditions and employees exercising precaution while the other half won't give a shit.  What could go wrong?  r/PublicFreakout is about to get tons of quality material.
Really frustrated with how our country is responding to this pandemic. My wife has been out of work since the beginning and we've sheltered-in-place since before the order went into effect. We've only gone out for the essentials and short trips to keep us sane.  Now, everything is opening up too soon and making the situation worse. It's going to 'extend the curve' and prolong the impact of this virus on everything.   We've done our part, but now all we can do is sit back and watch as this pre-mature opening blows up in everyone's faces.
Will be interesting to see how this goes. There will be an increase in cases especially as testing becomes more available but we also have to recognize that we're going to be living with this virus for at least the next two years. I don't think that anyone's livelihood, including the people who have the privilege of working from home, will survive a two year lockdown.  I've seen a lot of people throwing around their privilege during this pandemic. Not everyone has the option to work from home or even to have a job that can survive this pandemic. As someone who's personally experienced abject poverty, if I was one of the people who lost their job and didn't have anything to fall back on, I'd gladly risk my life at a grocery store or risk reopening my business so that I could have some quality of life. It's the same reason why mostly poor people join the military.
Based on the traffic and all the people at the "essential" stores this past week, corono virus fatigue has set in BIG TIME.  I think people are finished with quarantine at this point.  They think a mask will protect them now.
Sure people will die, but think of the economy!!!!
What a shit show this will be. We had been doing not so bad on cases in comparison to many other states, but with this and the states around us opening...  ...well I know I’m staying isolated for another month or two.
Just happy the parks should reopen. No reason I shouldn't be free to enjoy some fresh air outdoors!
“Under the new order, people will be allowed to leave their homes for commercial activity and to go to any business that is open.  The order removes the distinction between essential and nonessential businesses. Retail businesses are allowed to open at 50% capacity and will be required to see that customers are at least 6 feet apart, the release says. Businesses also will be required to screen workers for COVID-19  symptoms, perform frequent cleanings and provide hand sanitizer when available.   All workers at retail and other businesses are recommended to wear cloth face coverings.”  I don’t see what people are freaking out about. Seems pretty tame.
When you call customer service and your wait is 30 minutes so you hang up and call back and now your wait is 45 minutes and your Grammy dies from Coronavirus.
It's about time. Past time actually.
None of the health officials, like Fauci or Burks, have ever said the lockdown will end the pandemic, it will only flatten the curve so that hospitals aren't overrun. It doesn't matter how long we lock down, it will start to make a comeback whenever we do start to reopen.  There's only two ways to actually end the pandemic. One is herd immunity, even 60% of the population are exposed and recover they'll develope antibodies and won't be able to spread it after that. The other way is waiting for Bill Gates and his theoretical and unproven new type of RNA vaccine, which will have far less safety testing than any previous vaccine.
It's time to face the facts:. Humans CAN'T sit still very long.  We are gonna go out there and take the damages to our population.  A good number of people will die, and the rest will move on with varying degrees of cautious behaviors.  The next thing we can look forward to is a vaccine.  In the mean time, people gonna people.
You have been doing it wrong. Get out and live your life. We are all ok.   99.9% do not die.
Let’s not forget the [negative effects](https://www.jacobs.com/newsroom/news/new-report-simetrica-jacobs-and-london-school-economics-and-political-science-uk) on people’s mental wellbeing this is having.
We're tired of the virus, but the virus isn't tired of us. NC isn't being as stupid as GA, but this is still just asking for a lot more sickness and death. Things are going to get really ugly in a few weeks.
I thought I was on an episode of "Jersey Shore" from all the accents I heard at Target on Saturday.
On a serious note, short-term programs are going to be exhausted and states are already running into issues collecting taxes with the lack and/or decline of payroll and sales taxes.   Basically, states really only have property tax to fall back on over the next year.   There’s a huge iceberg on the horizon where a large population of homeowners won’t be able to pay their property tax bill. From our perspective, we think it’s asinine for states to consider missing property taxes as an evasion, but I’m willing to bet most states are going to ignore the current situation and will expect everyone to continue to pay regardless.   I have a radical proposal: introduce a new chapter of bankruptcy without penalties but a cap on the debt forgiveness limit. Basically, for the fiscal year of 2020, you can write off all your incurred debts up to a certain limit and start fresh in 2021. You’ll report your losses when filling 2020 taxes and then you’ll file that new chapter.   You’ll only pay taxes on what is left over as normal loan forgiveness programs are considered taxable income, and those taxes go back into the tax pool for states.
think of what people will die because of the economy
It's reasonable. Expectations for western North Carolina to go months under a stay at home order are foolish. It's been politicized to the point of no return, there is too great of an amount of people who aren't going to go along with it.
Nope. Anything but.   [https://www.wfae.org/post/north-carolinas-coronavirus-testing-rate-one-worst-nation#stream/0](https://www.wfae.org/post/north-carolinas-coronavirus-testing-rate-one-worst-nation#stream/0)
The way some people are reacting to this you’d think the state is just saying “fuck it, do whatever you want” when in actuality not a whole lot is changing.
OMG, are you still around?  Go lick a door handle already.
False dichotomy man. There’s dozens of strategies, some have even worked in other countries
There are quite a few issues with your response:  1) I never said that the "lockdown" would end the pandemic.  2) This isn't a "lockdown". One community was locked down in New York early and a community in New Mexico recently. This is a recommended 'stay at home' order, which isn't being enforced.  3) If we lockdown, it might actually work. Other countries that actually implemented a lockdown with penalties (China, Italy) are now bouncing back without a significant uptick of infections.  4) Herd immunity requires 85-90% infection rate to be successful, not 60%. With even a 1% fatality rate with a population of 15 million will cause 150,000 deaths. Sounds like a great plan.  5) Developing antibodies and being contagious are two different things. You can have antibodies and be in recovery, but still contagious.  6) Bill Gates is an idiot.
.1% is nearly 3.5 Million people dead.
PREACH 👏
We are a social animal. I can say I'm more of a "make plans then cancel and stay in" type person but the whole unable to make plans to cancel is starting to affect me. Can't imagine how the extroverts are handling this.
And this is why people aren’t going out, aren’t looking for jobs and are SCARED. Asheville/NC is seeing tests come back with more and more people infected... and (beating a dead horse here) THATS ONLY FROM DOCUMENTED TESTED CASES.  States shouldn’t even be considering reopening until testing can become: 1. widely and readily available 2. accurate and expedited results and 3. be affordable by EVERYONE REGARDLESS OF INSURANCE. It’s almost as if people can’t understand there will not be a economy to come back to if reopening fails. If you think your city/state/nation is in bad shape wait until you see how they handle an inevitable collapse due to infection spikes in a month.  Not to mention there’s conflicting information on the virus.. no one (government) will see the catastrophic toll this virus is going to continue to take, until its actually widespread and nothing can be done immediately.. STAY HOME. WASH YOUR HANDS. WEAR FACE-MASKS. Local and state governments aren’t enforcing these common sense “recommendations” , so ITS UP TO US TO ENFORCE SOCIAL DISTANCING AND HIGHER SANITATION PRACTICES.
That’s what I’m saying. It’s not a case of should we/shouldn’t we. You can’t keep these people in their homes much longer. They won’t have it. The cosmopolitan types in Asheville will do what they’re told but good luck getting everyone else to go along with it.
Do you understand that the only point of lockdown/social distancing is to flatten the curve enough so that hospitals aren't overwhelmed?   The percent of people who are going to die from there virus stays the same, distancing/locking down just spreads the deaths out over a longer period of time. So the quicker we reach herd immunity the better, as long as hospitals aren't overwhelmed.
What strategies are you talking about, besides various degrees of locking down?
It sucks that 150,000 people in the US might die while we get to herd immunity, but locking down or sheltering in place or whatever you want to call it isn't going to change that number, it's just going to spread it out over a longer period of time.  It's not realistic to hope that the virus will be stopped by lockdowns, or whatever you want to call them. Even if it's possible, and you actually believe the new Chinese numbers, it would take every country doing it to the most extreme degree at the same time, and that just isn't in the cards.  Everything I've read about herd immunity says 60-70 percent is needed to stop the pandemic. But whatever the number is, what's the alternative to herd immunity? Especially since we both seem to not have any trust in Bill Gates.
Sigh. Then its 99.99999%   Open your eyes people. We are asymptomatic
Asheville vs Buncombe County. Severe differences in thinking.
When hospitals can non longer provide treatment due to being overwhelmed, the death rate skyrockets.  Preventing hospital saturation prevents extra deaths.  So the number of deaths doesn’t “stay the same”, it goes down.  That’s why there was a lockdown.  To save lives.
Testing and tracking for one.
I think he was maybe mistakenly multiplying 15 million NC population x 1% fatality. Actual population is 10.5 million, and let's use more optimistic 0.5% fatality rate, with optimistic 60% needed for herd immunity = ~31k dead in North Carolina.  However for the US as a whole, that's 1 million people dead. Which again, is optimistic for herd immunity given current treatments and guesstimated R0/IFR. More pessimistically it could be double that many dead.  Just so we all understand what "it sucks" sort of numbers we're talking about.
Actually....  According to John’s Hopkins 99.9635% have not been confirmed to have had Covid-19 and 99.999785% of Americans have not yet died from Covid-19. Your random number puts the current death tole at about 325 based on a population estimate of 325 million. Actual deaths exceed 70,000.   Math! More cruel and unforgiving than science!
How would you propose doing that?
As of the current situation I'm right. You're assuming we will find a miracle cure, or that Bill Gates will fulfill his dream of saving the world with the totally new and unproven type of RNA vaccine that many credible scientists say isn't viable, and will be rushed to market faster and with less testing than any previous vaccine or medication.  But the at risk population is welcome to continue locking down, and those who want to should be able to go about their lives and get further towards herd immunity, which will protect the at risk population once achieved.
Ugh, read what I said earlier in this post.  But basically, there's only two possible ways to end the pandemic. One is herd immunity. The other is vaccines, which we don't have. Testing, tracking, and lockdowns won't end the pandemic, and in the long run the same amount of people will die. We can spread out the amount of time it takes the deaths to happen, but the only reason to do that is to make sure the hospitals aren't overrun.
You're not factoring in that with properly done herd immunity 30-40 percent of the population would never be exposed.   And that 30-40 percent would be the most at risk segment that continued to self quarantine while everybody else is out getting herd immunity.
Grow up. Or actually just stay scared and in fear of everything the rest of your life. Don’t ever leave your house! Enjoy your unemployment check!
>But the at risk population is welcome to continue locking down  ...unless their employer compels them to return to work (and good luck maintaining adequate PPE and hand sanitizer, etc., because those are famously well-stocked and abundant right now)  Believing that some people can stay home without consequences (to their livelihood, their unemployment insurance, etc.) after SIP is lifted is a fantasy.
>The other way is waiting for Bill Gates and his theoretical and unproven new type of RNA vaccine,  &#x200B;  Not exactly what you said. We aren't dependent on Bill Gates. Again, the whole world is working on this. Maybe we could even work together...
Hey! Now that’s just rude.   You’re the one throwing numbers around. I’m just here to keep those accurate. I never shared any of my “feelings” about the pandemic and the lockdown. When you’ve got a population of 325M a fraction of a percent is a huge number. Now, you may be the type of person that gets their feeling hurt by math but that’s just a case of “truth hurts.”  P. S. I’m at work at my essential business    Ya dick
Korea and Israel aren’t full of armed mountain folk. They’ll comply for a bit, but not too long.
Yeah.  I have been working remotely since mid-March and my employer announced that we are to return to work within the next couple of weeks.  One of the workers there has a spouse who works at Mission.  FML.
Believing that some people can stay home without consequences (to their livelihood, their unemployment insurance, etc.) during SIP is a fantasy.
If Reddit is any indication America doesn't want herd immunity. Sweden is closest as far as I know.  And if any country really cared about the lives of their citizens they'd ban soda and junk food. They want control, and they actually like us unhealthy because it's more profitable.
Yeah would have been nice if there had been any to vote for.

Coronavirus WNC: Buncombe to enter Phase 1 of reopening May 8

Is reopening a tourism based economy at 25-50% gonna be beneficial? Most business models are not sustainable at 50% sales. Employees still have to be payed. And now you gonna have to pay some extra for cleaning and maybe security.  I guess my question is- is it better to do this half opening thing, or is it better to stay closed and to fully reopen at a later date?
Here come the masses!
Organize. March on the County admin. Show up to meetings. Participate in civil disobedience. Make your voice heard. Starving or reopening are not the only two options.
I personally see this as a great time to set up more of a non-tourism economy. Maybe I'm bitter since I've lived here my whole life and I'm sick of tourists being the top priority in our economic decisions. I doubt anyone in the city government will agree with me here but over the last 10-15 years all the things that made Asheville cool are being commercialized and sold to tourists. I'm lucky enough to have a decent engineering job in Asheville yet I am priced out of my own city and living in Haywood where its possible to afford rent and have money left to enjoy my life. Meanwhile neighborhoods in the city are being snatched up by air b&b owners and all these luxury apartments are ridiculously overpriced.   Sorry for the rant lol.
What's good for the goose isn't good for the gander, apparently. Big business is getter richer, and will continue do so while small business is starved out. It's a feature, not a bug.
It appears we have already doomed many area businesses.  I can’t imagine waiting longer to reopen would lessen the impact.     https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wral.com/coronavirus/more-than-half-of-north-carolina-s-restaurants-may-permanently-close-because-of-covid-19/19088709/%3fversion=amp
It seems the government has taken the "well, you go figure it out, peace" approach. Last time I checked 1% of Buncombe had been tested for Covid while cases and deaths are up in the state. People still haven't got unemployment after weeks and the small business loans were an abysmal failure.  Now that we're talking about re-opening there has been nearly no guidance from a government we pay tons of taxes to. With little to no economic relief on top of a global pandemic we are going to see some serious shit not just in Asheville but nationwide.
We’re all doomed! Initiate fetal position in 3, 2, 1...
I’m not sure what you expect local government to do...  They are about to face a budget shortfall of massive proportions.
Most sensible comment I've seen about this whole deal in a while. Completely agree!
As a NC native but having moved to the city within the last two years I’m fond of what Asheville presently is and it has plenty of potential coronavirus notwithstanding. It certainly needs to increase its housing supply and prioritize other modes of transit.
I filed for unemployment on April 26th, and my application is still pending, I'm really hoping it comes in time for rent as I've been out of work since March 1.
They can not reopen.
There is nothing wrong with an arts degree at all, I think people forget that there is more to getting a college education than just job training like it seems that some people think it should be. The whole point is to get a rounded education that will benefit you in general throughout your life, and perhaps in a specific career. I actually graduated with a degree in arts along with my civil engineering degree and I feel like I have a very different set of skills than others in my field who didn't pursue that side of education. Don't get me wrong I wouldn't be able to do my job without all the math, physics, chemistry, and engineering classes. At the same time all the additional literary courses, sociology, humanities, music and arts classes, and courses like that made me much more of a rounded individual and better suited to workplace interactions with all kinds of people. Plus I manage to live a double life as a touring musician in a metal band so I feel like my artistic side is satisfied.  Anyways as for Asheville my optimism isn't too high that we are going to make this a better place to actually live in for the locals. The way things are looking so far is that we're just scrambling to re-build the tourism without any concern for anything else. It really makes me want to pack up and go somewhere like Baltimore or Detroit where I can get a mini-mansion for the price of 6 months rent in Asheville. Obviously there are problems everywhere but in Asheville's case they are artificially created by the city and could be fixed with some simple legislation that stops the tourism stranglehold over city planning and development.
I totally agree, the potential is there and has always been there but it is like we would rather be big resort than a functional city. I don't mind tourism and that has been a part of Asheville since it was founded but it can't be the only thing we focus on. I feel like we took that whole "weird Asheville" thing we had going on in the 2000s which was cool but the city felt it needed to capitalize on what made us unique and and turned the city into another b-rate Austin with mountains and beer.    I think if we can just add a sector of eco-friendly industry that would be very in line with what people here could get down with and it provides more opportunities for people to have jobs outside the tourism, restuarant, or retail industries.   As for housing I can say from working with developers in my job that there are definitely people wanting to create more affordable options. It is just that the city won't approve it when another developer wants to put those luxury condos or apartments on the same parcel. There has been a bit of a surge in subdivisions outside the city though and Leicester is taking up a lot of the housing needs for the city.
>	Bailouts for me but not for thy
so true
Why did you wait so long?
The advantage that the Federal government is that it can literally print money.   Of course there are finite limits to that before they destabilize the dollar.
Which will only compound every issue other than the virus...
Yes the housing crisis is primarily a zoning and land use issue. Asheville could be substantially denser. And regarding Ashevilles economy or culture, every city is constantly in a state of transformation and flux and I’m sure 10 years from now people will remember longingly for what it is now. That’s not to say there aren’t areas in which we can diversify our economy to not be perceived as being reliant on tourism.
As an independent contractor I was unable to apply until April 25, but the site was overwhelmed so the 26th :)
Which they’ve already reached
Which is why pressure needs to be kept up on the Federal government to provide economic stimulus like they're supposed to.
I’m not sure I agree that we are quite there yet....   But even so, that is all the more reason to reopen things...
Or, perhaps we do not have the correct approach....
No. Just stop giving $$ to billion dollar companies
So the correct approach is to let people die needlessly in order to keep the profits flowing to business owners?

Buncombe long-term care home staff infected with coronavirus, Commissioners' chair says

This is how my grandmother got it in her nursing home in Durham, the staff caught it and brought it in. We will be burying her this weekend. She has been in facilities for a long time and all the staff I know are never paid enough to care about being careful. They were actually scavenging her stuff after she passed because they didn't think it would be picked up because of the lockdown. It's very sad stuff guys, my mom wasn't allowed in for 6 weeks before she came in for that last visit,  and without family members holding staff accountable there are a lot of patients being neglected. It breaks my heart. Next time you get irritated at stay at home orders think of those poor older folk isolated from all of their family, possibly being abused and most times suffering and dying alone if they catch covid. Call, visit through windowd, and send letters if you can!!
From the story: "Commissioners [voted 4-3 along party lines](https://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2020/04/16/coronavirus-buncombe-adopts-resolution-expand-covid-19-testing/5136772002/) April 16 to prioritize a general expansion of testing."
Here we go again
I’m sorry.
I'm sorry for your loss. Understand, though, that the stay at home orders were never intended to stop COVID, rather slow its spread. What you've seen is the personal toll they take on us in a way that is very personal to you. They prevented both you and your mother from seeing your grandmother for most of the final 6 weeks of her life, time that would have been incredibly valuable.  I'm personally in a higher risk category myself. When I get sick, if this virus takes me, I don't want to have spent the final days and weeks of my life isolated at home. I want to have spent it having fun among my friends and loved ones and enjoying my life as much as possible, an opportunity I'm sorry you didn't get with your grandmother.
In mid-April both Trump and Fauci revised their total US death estimate to 60k or less. Today we're at 84k dead.  If the original plan **wasn't** to stop it, why are we already 40% over the original plan's estimated deaths and now saying we'll just let many many more people die?
You're Entitled as fuck
COVID 19 is a dangerous disease and it's extremely contagious.  There is currently no vaccine.  Shutting down is designed to reduce the spread enough so that hospitals aren't overloaded (flattening the curve), which would result in many more deaths not only of people with COVID but also those with other critical medical issues.  During the shutdown we are supposed to be ramping up testing so we can isolate infected people more quickly as we reopen, since even asymptomatic victims can spread the disease.  Unfortunately testing has been very slow to be implemented effectively.
> In mid-April both Trump and Fauci revised their total US death estimate to 60k or less. Today we're at 84k dead.  Different models have had different predictions, and the original models with lockdowns in mind projected 120,000 - 200,000 deaths, which we're still well below. Go look at articles from the start of the lockdowns. Go look at any message printed now: everything says the same thing -- we're doing this to slow the spread of COVID. We're not on an island like New Zealand; as such we can't stop it.  > If the original plan wasn't to stop it, why are we already 40% over the original plan's estimated deaths and now saying we'll just let many many more people die?  We're not 40% over, we're 40% over a revised model that hasn't held up. Regardless, what we need to do is balance economics, psychological welfare and health. The other two factors are just as important as they lead to deaths as well. The former through starvation, malnutrition, poor hygiene and drug overdoses, the latter through suicides, and with both homicides through robberies and people snapping.
There's nothing "entitled" in my response, and I'm quite the opposite. I'm clear on the reality that we're all going to get COVID. Hopefully one of these days you'll figure that out as well and stop being afraid.  EDIT: I just looked at your comment history. If you want to see "Entitled", go read it.
> You are a piece of...   Nah, "a piece of..." starts a movement to protect people without bothering to ask what the people they proclaim to protect want or if they even want it. "A piece of..." tells somebody who's going to get sick either way and quite possibly die that they get to spend their last several months holed up and isolated from their friends and loved ones without bothering to see if they're OK with that. "A piece of..." doesn't understand that the choice isn't theirs to make and are somehow entitled to treat them like children. "A piece of..." doesn't offer people a choice on that matter and treat people like the adults they are. That's what "a piece of..." does.

HCA Healthcare Is Using Coronavirus to Union Bust Nurses

lots of downvotes to hand out in here
Of course HCA is.  They're bottom-line focused with no regard for patients or staff.
Employee Health Today:  You were exposed to corona virus because we didn’t test elderly patient A until the nursing home asked us to before discharge.    Also Employee Health: We won’t test your. You’re asymptomatic.   Fuck you HCA.
Cant fire an entire nursing staff or the hospital would literally fail overnight.
[I don't know about y'all, but I'm pickin' sides.](https://youtu.be/Xz3DjOed39I)
Great suggestion. Seems like it would be a good idea to incorporate them under Asheville Municipal control, like the water, so that we don’t hazard fascist interference from the federal and state governments.
You want Trump to have control of our Hospitals?  I didn't realize you were a supporter.
Wow, that’s a great way to halt medical advancements. Have you ever had to wait and get care at a VA pre veterans choice? Highly doubt you would be singing praise for nationalized healthcare. You think hospitals are milking the tax payer now wait until you add government bloat on top of that.
And they're in the process right now of purchasing that big 25 acre parcel on Crayton Road so they can put a mental health facility of some sort up there.  I guess everyone hoping for that big Costco can suck it now.
Straight up BS many of us are happy. You just don’t see that because happy ppl don’t go to the media to tell them we’re happy. You are also correct bottom-line is the MOST important. How the hell is a hospital supposed to operate or have patients and staff with out focusing on the bottom line.
I was supposed to have a job at this exact location :/
Healthcare should not be a for profit industry in situations like hospitals. There is a middle ground and we must reach that, otherwise we're just making money off of people's literal pain. May sound hippy dippy but I think it's more a moral obligation.
>Have you ever had to wait and get care   Plenty of people would love to wait a bit to get any type of healthcare, especially without fear of going bankrupt.
I'm pretty sure this whole coronavirus is showing that this argument is absolute BS. Countries with nationalized heathcare systems are making far greater advances towards vaccines and treatments than our dysfunctional for profit clusterfuck.
I dunno maybe ask literally every other developed country on the planet how they do it?
Lmfao try having a nationalised healthcare system in place. It’s great. I know because I’m living in a country with one.
You are correct.  If you are seeking logic [r/asheville](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/) is very limited.  How many people in this group have been a Union member?   Asking for a raise is not simple.   They also have no clue what it's like to fire a Union member.  It can take years.   Meanwhile this subpar healthcare worker is caring for *you*.
Your points are valid but you're going against the hive here. "Just nationalize health care its so easy!" Is a rallying cry for people who are largely ignorant of the healthcare industry both here, and abroad. Its this very black and white thinking that makes it impossible for any meaningful discussion on the subject to be had.
A nursing job? Cuz you might want to look into it again. They're desperate!
We can elect our government officials. We can't elect the CEOs of hospitals and insurance rackets.
This man sucks the private sector of the private sector if you know what I mean 😏
Hahahahha sorry I triggered you!
I love you both
Maybe someone could come up with a nonprofit hospital.
Profit pays the salary of health care workers.  The only alternative is completely funding the hospitals via tax dollars.  Meaning you'll pay yearly for hospitalization even when you do not go.  The quality of service would be like the VA, DMV, Unemployment office, SS Office, public schools etc.   All poorly managed and expensive to operate.  Nationalization does not sound like a solution.
Plenty of people would also like to not wait if they have the means. They shouldn’t be punished for that. Also many people don’t realize the benefits a for profit hospital can provide. Reinvesting profits into the hospital for upgrades and whatnot, they pay corporate income and property taxes, raise capital through stocks and have a bigger pool of cash for charitable care.
Obviously wouldn’t of made the comment if I haven’t.
Why the hell would we ever ask anyone how to do anything?  We're the best because we're the USA.  /s
Seriously maybe they should move to NJ if they are so pro union. They won’t tho because they know the exact system they want here already ruined that state. Let’s keep trying tho! It’ll be different this time! All my reddit comrades agree!
Nope. Nationalised healthcare is an achievable thing. I live abroad at I enjoy having nationalised healthcare. It’s nice not having to worry about being bankrupted if I get sick.
I love everyone who is a part of this thread right now.
>Meaning you'll pay yearly for hospitalization even when you do not go.  Isn't that what paying health insurance is like for healthy people?
>Profit pays the salary of health care workers  That's naive. Profit is by definition the surplus value stolen from the workers.
Nope. Many hospitals in the US are non-profit. The profit is what goes to shareholders, after expenses (which includes labor).  I do think that single payer healthcare will reduce healthcare costs overall without nationalizing hospitals (although I would like to see all the for-profits turned into non-profit, it is despicable for corps to make a profit off of people’s healthcare)
Profit is not paying the salaries. Those are called operating costs. Profit is what is left after those costs.
The va is actually pretty good these days.  Granted the dmv sucks everywhere. Schools ar pretty good in districts that provide the right funding (avl, chapel hill, etc).
yes, we should continue this disgusting immoral healthcare system that literally kills people just so the 5% of folks who can afford to do so can get a knee replacement in three days instead of eight weeks
Yeah minimum wage, 40 hour work weeks, paid vacation, sick leave, maternity leave, and many other benefits are a thing of the past. High profits for top, nothing for the average worker! Hell yeah, I’m logical!
That's such a beautiful gesture, MURDERBONER666.
If you worked here you would see the additions HCA has made. Not all of us want to unionize. I can negotiate my own pay without wasting money on yearly dues going to a middleman.
Yes. There are already death panels and rationed care, you just pay a whole lot more for it and all the money goes to the insurance bureaucracy (and shareholders and executives). Traditional Medicare's admin costs are $132 per person; insurance companies' admin costs are $700 a person.
No.  One is a personal choice the other is forced by government goons.  The best way to fix these issues is less government involvement.  I'm advocating for less Trump in your life.
Customer payments are a large portion of funding.    Let's says HCA took in $200,073,895 in taxpayer subsidies.   That would cover the yearly cost of 1 Hospital.   HCA has around 200 hospitals.  Customers cover the rest.  Also subsidies have a broad definition. Sometimes the government gives a check.  Though often it means the company keeps more of their own money. aka Tax break.
How is it stolen?   Which Dictionary are you using?  Employees on average make more when the company makes more profit.  Employees on average make less when the company is less profitable.  This is not complicated.
And many are for-profit.  Shareholders do not receive profits if it's a non-profit origination. The money is put back into the organization (hire additional workers for example) .  Non-profits also pay near 0 taxes which is something to consider.   Either way Non-profits or For-Profits need to cover their operating cost.     Nationalization of Hospitals will not lower operating cost.
True but a profitable company on average compensates it's workers more.   A less profitable company compensates employees less and may lay off workers.   No need to drown in accounting legalese.  It's basic business 101.
Would love to see where your getting these figures, but I would rather not see a picture of your ass.
How many Nurses are making minimum wage?  Do tell.  Most are making atleast $25hr easy with all the perks you speak of.  My friend makes near $50hr  You have no idea what you are talking about.
Man someone held a gun to your head and made you take a job with no Benefits? Must of been rough.
How's that going for you? Got your 6 weeks paid leave yet?
>additions  Please enlighten us.
My point was that profit is not the same as operating costs (including pay for healthcare workers).   I agree that nationalization will not lower operating costs; however, a single-payer system (which can exist regardless of whether hospitals are nationalized or not) can lower both operating costs (by reducing the expense hospitals incur with billing) as well as reducing healthcare expenses (i.e. if the NHS-analogue says ‘this is how much we are paying for X procedure,’ that is how much hospitals will be able to charge, rather than the current clusterfuck that exists where the same procedure costs drastically different amounts based on who the insurer is)
You're equating apples and oranges though. My original point is that hospitals should not be companies based on maximizing profit, this leads to poorer healthcare and higher costs for consumers a.k.a the sick and dying. This is something that should be considered a right in a country that is supposedly the greatest the world has ever seen. We (the gov) have money for plenty of things, seems like the health and welfare of its citizens should be a top priority and if subsidizing hospitals is a way to do that I would vote for it.
Ad hominem. Unions are responsible for most of the benefits we reap today.
Wow at least $25/hr. That’s like $3 more than a fast food worker makes in Denmark. But that’s one of those socialist countries that we don’t talk about.
No, history matters and benefits didn’t suddenly appear out of thin air.
The entire North tower, sidewalks and much needed updates to one of the parking garages for example.
Union is their choice to make.  Personally I would not want a Union but I do not work there.  You mentioned nationalization of hospitals. How will that solve our healthcare issues?  You are very vocal about the federal governments failures with Covid-19.  Why should they have more control over our Hospitals?  I'm simply advocating for less government involvement not more.
How is that working out for Detroit?
I hear talk about Nordic countries constantly.   Denmark is not a socialist country.  They dislike hearing this from ill informed Americans.  Denmark's Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen proclaims that Denmark is not a socialist economy, but a "market economy".  Denmark is very capitalist and free market.  They are a wealthy country because of oil and natural gas reserves *not* socialism.  They also do not have a government mandated minimum wage. Shall we have that too?  I'm guessing ol' Bernie didn't inform you about any of this.
You said these benefits are a thing of the past (which is obviously BS) if that’s so where’s your precious daddy union boss fighting for your rights? Or is he home laughing to bank with your dues that he tricked people that are so inept they can’t even negotiate their own Benefits themselves. Are you so useless you really possess so little skills that you can’t sell a potential employer to give you a vacation?   Guy can’t negotiate for himself but wants anarchy? I’d say you’d last about 2 days before your someone’s bitch.
Weren’t these projects already in the mission queue?
I don’t know ask the corporations who moved over seas. The nurses have a vote just like any new union chapter. Are you against freedom of speech?
They are a wealthy, free market country that provides their people with a robust social safety net so that they aren’t slaves to corporations. We are a wealthy, free market country that does not.
We do have a government mandated minimum wage. Denmark does not. But yes we should absolutely raise ours.  Denmark also has very high trade union density.  I’m well aware that Denmark isn’t socialist. I don’t want socialism. I want a return to balance in our economy. The scales have tipped too far in one direction.  Seems like you have storyline fever. Everyone who wants people to be able to live with dignity is not a Bernie Bro.
Also, oil and gas reserves? The US leads the world in oil production.
Well since it's not a socialist country, as you admit, then why don't we try to implement some of their policies? They must not be so bad after all, huh?
The first comment was sarcasm, but I guess that went over your head. Imagine working for someone and rolling over like the dog you are.
You’re not very intelligent, I see. You should learn more about different political and economic theories before posting. It would help your argument game.
Not entirely sure. Started during the transition. Some good figures [here ](https://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20190201/NEWS/190209999/hca-finalizes-mission-health-purchase) about 5 paragraphs down. The sidewalks and parking garage are still being worked on.
Again.  How would nationalization improve the situation?  The government is the largest Monopoly.  Hospitals profit from a wide range of situations.  Sometimes they profit from saving a life or delivering a child.  Which angels of government do you want to control our hospitals?  You trust the government much more than I.
&#x200B;  Find a post of mine that's against freedom of speech.
How are we slaves to corporations?  Did amazon bust down our doors and force us to purchase products?  Only the government can force you to do things.  Which is why I want less of them in our lives.  Denmark is full of corporations btw.  You can always try working for yourself and start a business.  It's a free country.    I started one years ago.  It is hard work but I dislike having a boss.
Don't call Denmark socialist if you agree it's not socialist.  Minimum wage sure you can raise it to $15, $25 or whatever.  Though it does little for the poor.  What happens to the younger workers with a $10hr skillset?  You can not force people to hire you.   More qualified applicants will get your $15hr position.
Did you run the numbers on Denamrk vs US on population and oil exports.   Denmark is small and sitting on top of a ton of oil.
Hopefully one day you can fall into a real job and see how much is taken out in taxes (put union dues on top of that). You’ll grow up and drop this trendy lefty shit real quick. I provide for 2 kids, a wife and own 2 houses with a career I love if that’s rolling over call me Fido. Woof woof!
Well, then, hca is not responsible for any if these changes, they are merely finishing  up on mission’s projects. The article you cited simply says they promise to finish what mission started.   Mind you, i’m no fan of either mission or 501(c)(3) status for hospitals that operate as if they were for profit (which is most of them). But private ownership only exchanges some problems for others.   Cambridge, ma has city owned hospitals that are pretty awesome.   I think a cooperative setup could produce good results, maybe.
This one.
Seems like we’re both  fairly dug in with our positions and would only waste time trying to convince the other to see things from a different perspective. These days I’m more interested in finding like-minded individuals and working towards change. Arguing with the other side hasn’t gotten anyone anywhere. Take care.
Imagine if you were paid more.
What does that have to do with me?   I am against all of that. Are there any Democrats opposing this?  I would love to know.
You are losing credibility here. Try again.  Quote me. Search my entire history.  Find something / anything where I am opposing freedom of speech.   You have nothing.
If you apply yourself you get more responsibility and with that comes more money. It’s a strange concept I know.
Do you support the right to form unions?
I have a good job and I’m good at it. I just support those who work hard to enjoy the same. There are always bad apples, but being flat against unions is just not a good argument.
Yes I support their right to choose.  I have my own opinions & issues with Unions but it is their right to join or not to join.
I’m happy for you, really am. If you want people to have the same you should be encouraging them to know what they are worth. Teach them to negotiate so they can be compensated fairly. Nobody should be doing this for them. It’s an unneeded position that saps money and negotiation ability from the individual.
Yeah, because millions of people totally have that luxury. /s  And if they don't, they shouldn't be allowed the basic necessities, because the CEO needs a new private jet. /s
Typical childish response by someone who leads their life guided by jealously and baseless resent. You should channel that energy into bettering your station in life. I would start by updating your resume here’s some great resources for you (don’t worry it’s free):  [indeed tips](https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/resumes-cover-letters/10-resume-writing-tips)   [monster tips](https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/resume-writing-help)   [evolution coaching](https://www.evolution-coaching.com/services/resume-help/)   [linked in](https://www.linkedin.com/)  (this is key for networking)  If you need any local help please feel free to message me there are many great resources in the area. Chin up and get to work nothing came to those that stomp their feet and demand things. Good luck and aim for little victories at first. Have you made your bed this morning?

Coronavirus outbreaks in 2 Asheville nursing homes, county says

No really surprising considering that half the old people in Asheville are still shuffling around like they've never heard of covid.
It's Aston Park and Deerfield. This hits close to home for me. I know several people who live at Deerfield.
A friend of mine works at an Adult Living Facility in Virginia and they've lost 10 people already.  20 are currently infected.  From where I sit, nursing homes and ALFs are the worst places for the elderly at the moment.
You think residents of skilled nursing facilities are “shuffling around Asheville”?   You seem to fundamentally misunderstand the functional capacities of people who reside in SNF’s.
I dress mannequins for the Belk in Asheville mall and we opened on Monday. Them old ladies were waiting outside the door. Not a mask on a one of them. Give it 2 weeks and we have a potential blood bath on the horizon. I hope I'm wrong.
With the horrific way Aston Park was managed, I'm not surprised. I worked there for a single day. They hired me on for a certain job that was very specifically not interacting with residents and then stuck me on nursing assistant-like tasks. I was completely untrained in what they wanted me to do and there was little to no oversight for me as a new person - I could have literally left out the side door and no one would have noticed. Heck, one of the residents nearly escaped that way.  I hate that these places had outbreaks and I wish the staff could have kept them safe. But maybe those places weren't that safe to begin with.
Yes? Most of the people in these communities can and do still get around just fine.  You've obviously never been to Deerfield where a majority of the residents get out on their own with no issues.
Or they just don't take their personal wellbeing seriously and we shouldn't either.

Coronavirus: Asheville nursing home kitchen worker tests positive

"the employee who tested positive was asymptomatic" and " The facility does not plan widespread testing of residents and employees."   WTAF!?
my heart goes out to the folks in retirement homes. I read that 57% of the positive covid cases in North Carolina are from retirement homes. just terrible, and they need regulation in the best way possible.
They are only following the "recommendations" of the Public Health Department.  Maybe WTF those fools who continue to insist on "we only test people that are already sick".  That's just plain stupid, and this after the Mayor asked for the recommendation to be changed and the Health Dept. did nothing.
Why would they test when they can just assume that everyone is positive and quarantine everyone? Its a waste of money to test when they can just isolate the sick and treat their symptoms.  The article is very clear about why they dont need to test and has also been updated to include that other kitchen workers were test and are NEGATIVE.
yep, i worked in these facilities for a few years and it's just disgusting how these companies don't give a shit about these people even a little. it's just money money money
Quarantine everyone? Do you even know what you are talking about?
http://avlwatchdog.org/covid-ravages-asheville-nursing-home/

Expect more Asheville, Buncombe nursing home coronavirus outbreaks: officials

Of course it's going up. Everywhere I go in Asheville are dipshits not wearing masks, oblivious to what's going on. Expect rising cases in all industries. These same people are probably flat earthers.
I am so, so shocked.
Went to the bank today. I did the drive up window and there was a long line. I watch car after car go though the line with the tube thing and use the ATM with no gloves, no masks and touching their faces, the steering wheel and even their glasses
I’ve been pretty impressed the few times I’ve been out, until yesterday that is. You’d think someone declared the whole thing over and everything is back to normal now. I had to go to Lowe’s and HD and both were absolutely packed with almost no one wearing a mask. Roads were packed, other stores looked busy. If other places around the country are anything like what I saw yesterday we’re screwed.
FWIW when I use drive thrus and have to handle things, I don't wear gloves but use hand sanitizer and often a wipe to avoid touching. Gloves are counterproductive in most cases.   I went to Valvoline for an oil change today, figuring at least I didn't have to let anyone in my car. I was the only person there - customer or employee - wearing a mask. They did nothing at all to keep their distance from each other or me. Sigh.
I had the same experience at Valvoline. The only person wearing a mask was the one working on my car. The girl speaking with me didn't have one and was extremely close to me.

Coronavirus: Buncombe County COVID-19 cases jump 31%, total 174

I think mandatory testing should be considered. If you are going back to work, you need to be tested prior to doing so.   At least install thermal sensors at all ingress or egress points of essential businesses so potential carriers can be identified. Combine that with compulsory contact tracing via NFC on all mobile platforms, and we will have a good start on beating this thing.  Obviously, the only real safe bet is a vaccine. I'm limiting my contact with anyone until we have at least one widely available option approved by the FDA.
Yeah, it’s more than a little concerning. I want to open back up, both for the work and my own declining sanity, but safely and with hotels possibly opening next week, it’s like we re walking into Johnny carpenters fog 🤦‍♂️

Coronavirus: Buncombe reports first COVID death in long term care facility

Aston Park Health Care has > 30 cases as of yesterday, including around 15 staff.
It was just a matter of time.

NC restaurants not required to report coronavirus outbreaks

And that was it folks, the Coronavirus just disappeared as mysteriously as it came. Grandma and uncle joee died in the fall of 20 but all the family speaked in hushed tones about it. Then they announced a vaccine. A vaccine for what. We don't got any need for that anymore. All our trusted representatives said so.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Wow.
This means down town avl is gonna be a death trap.
Gee, that sounds smart and not trumpish at all....at allllllll. Nope. Sure seems logical to me, to all of us, I’m sure. Right?
If their employees get sick, that means whoever they served during the employee incubation period as well as patient zero who infected them cannot be traced. It also means that if you have a shady restaurant owner/manager keeping it hidden, the restaurant may keep the sick employee from quarantining themselves. The last one is a least likely situation but I'm not full of hope at the moment.
There's a fucking pandemic going on, you idiot.

Coronavirus: Asheville nursing home COVID-19 deaths jump from 4 to 14

Wow so a bunch of old people who are near death died from a virus? Man, we’re fucked. Stay in your house everyone!
What a heartless response to the loss of human life.
Exactly the callous, self-centered response we expect here on Reddit. Especially considering those working in the nursing homes are exposed, too. Along with their families and everyone those family members come into contact with, the people they shop next to in the grocery stores, the folks at the bank, those (including other patients) in other medical facilities they frequent (or end up at once infected), the family members of other residents,  so on.  But sure. We'll pretend a super-contagious virus is just going to stick to those old farts who are already just dead meat walking, and not end up at your local gym or Starbucks because the guy who cleans the nursing home had to get his pump on (or, more likely, has more than one job and he's now spreading it across the gym he cleans as well as the coffee shop he part-times at on the weekends). Enjoy your lifts, bro.
My grandmother is in one of these nursing homes. She is very elderly and has dementia. I am aware that her death would not exactly be a tragedy. But dying this way, totally alone, would be brutal for her and her family. And if you look at areas that have had widespread outbreaks, plenty of are dying who would otherwise have a decade or more to live. For example, many poor black communities in the US, where diabetes and obesity are widespread, are being particularly hard hit. So while you and your friends may be fine, many people who aren't near death really are fucked. People with your attitude will make sure of this. I'm glad you don't give a shit, though.
What a rational and reasonable way to approach the deaths of your friend and neighbor’s loved ones. Although I sincerely doubt you have any friends given that your reaction to 14 families losing someone is to get cunty about politics and science denial.
Fuck you
Died suffocating and alone. I bet that just makes you giddy
It wa someone from the community who brought it in, despite knowing they had symptoms. Probably someone just like you.
I've been trying to look for a silver lining in the whole thing myself. Maybe this will help buffer social security for future generations once the unhealthiest of the boomers get decimated?      Downvote button is on the left friends.
No trust me I’m super scared. That’s the appropriate response right? Was that not the point of this post?
So we’re going to pretend that OP isn’t using these deaths to push an agenda? Sure, ok, we’ll just look past that.   Enjoy hiding in your house.
It would most certainly be a tragedy and it's ok to feel that way. I hope your grandmother stays safe.
r/iamverybadass
We can only hope you’re targeted likewise
I'm surprised we haven't seen Millennials celebrating the deaths of all these boomers for just that reason, they do hate us so.
Silver linings are not allowed here. Only irrational fear.
I only have to hide in my house because so many assholes think putting those of us with vulnerable medical conditions at risk is just the cost of "Freedom(tm)!" (aka a Starbucks and a fresh haircut).
Enjoy killing your family
Can you explain to me, in detail, this agenda that you speak of? This virus is real and highly contagious, whether you believe in it or not. I find it pretty sad that you are latching on to this narrative that people all over the world are lying about a deadly virus to push some political agenda.   I sincerely hope that you don't get sick or get anyone else sick.
Uh, we have. They’re willing to express as much showing their face to the nightly news, unlike the folks here
Oh, Captain Chaos...when will you ever learn (that you could be a better person if you reach out to someone and ask for help)?

Coronavirus: Gov. Cooper puts moratorium on evictions, extends cease on utility cut-offs


Corona Virus

You might as well just go to one of those nursing homes now and save yourself the trouble
Highly doubtful. Go to Florida or Georgia, they don't care about the spread of COVID-19
Just drink some bleach first
Stay home!!!
No one knows
Hi! Since your question is in reference to your visit to Asheville, please post it in the Visiting thread [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/asheville/comments/ghpddm/visiting_or_moving_to_asheville_ask_your/). Thanks!
That’s terrible. Have an upvote.
NO ONE CARES ABOUT A SINGLE VIOLIN

