Have you adjusted your hurricane evacuation plan based on COVID-19?
With a potentially [extremely active](https://edition.cnn.com/2020/05/08/weather/hurricane-season-2020-forecast-above-average/index.html) hurricane season just around the corner and [COVID-19 raging like wildfire throughout the summer](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/04/us/coronavirus-live-updates.html), it's looking more and more like a worst case scenario could play out in the very near future. Let's say a cat 4 or 5 storm is baring down on Wilmington, and most hotels/AirBnBs/parks are closed due to a resurgance in COVID-19, where would you go and what would you do?
Serious answer: cat 4 or 5 we're heading out regardless of a pandemic. I'd rather camp somewhere than stay for that kind of storm. We're also fortunate enough to have family in Durham and Raleigh, so we have a fallback.
Super speculative and really only serves to unnecessarily freak people out even more.
I’m a local, never yet left for a hurricane. If it was anticipated to strike as a 5... I would consider leaving.   It’s not that easy though. My family has chickens, cats, dogs, and are anticipating a paid of baby goats. We can’t exactly pack up the ark then pull into a holiday inn. Most likely, someone would volunteer to stay home with the animals, bunker down in the basement apartment with the genny, and hope the creek doesn’t rise/roof blow off. But then we’d all be sick with worry, and probably decide we should have stuck together come hell or high water.
Not sure wtf you're talking about when you say "raging like wildfire" covid's a scam, the models were wrong and iirc new Hanover counties have not seen this "rip thru like wildfire" like everyone's being fed.
car washes!!!!!
No. The virus isn't a significant of a risk to alter plans during a major hurricane.
I've ridden out a lot of hurricanes, and honestly didn't think Florence was *that* bad. I was shocked at how poorly Wilmington fared though. While other poorer towns in Eastern NC were back up and running in days, Wilmington was out of commission for weeks. Hate to see what happens when a real storm hits this place.
Not really, this is a possibility for later in the year.
Experts are already predicting COVID-19 infections are going to rise in the summer, so I would say that's pretty much a given. As far as storms are concerned, forecasters are calling for an above average to extremely active hurricane season, so I don't think it's "super speculative" at all to suggest that a major hurricane may hit us. Especially considering that Florence was a Cat 4 a few days before it hit Wilmington. We just got lucky, and it looks like good luck is in short supply this year.
I think Wilmy took it worse because there are more people on a power grid that got beat down for 24+ hours and then flooded roads basically made us an island community.  A real storm would be over more quickly and would shred the power grid again, but might not lead to as much flooding and would allow supplies and the like to get to us way more quickly.
It's a possibility sure, but what's the point of asking?  NC has been hit by twelve Cat 3 or higher hurricanes since 1879 (9 of them 1960 or older) so it's probably a slim possibility at best.  I'm sure that in the event that a 4/5 hits this region, most inland regions would open evacuation shelters, hotels, etc for evacuees with a super strict hygiene policy and people wouldn't need to alter plans much if at all.  Again, it's all conjecture so why try to give people more anxiety than they already have?
I think it’s definitely something to think about. We still don’t have enough resources for locals, and as we open things and people from out of state start flowing in, those resources are going to become more depleted. Add hurricane hysteria into that, and it’s definitely a recipe for disaster.
I agree with you on the Hard Luck 2020 thing, but I'd be more worried if we lived on the gulf coast.  I think it speculative to say that a 4/5 will hit us head on when we haven't had one hit us in 141 years of hurricane seasons.  Hopefully everyone has taken the downtime to amend homeowners insurance policies, make hurricane checklists, and tidy up evac plans on the slim chance that I am wrong.
Global warming is causing hurricanes to slow down. Florence was just a taste of what's to come. As a matter of fact, if a major storm does hit us, it's just as likely to be a Dorian as it is a Michael. God help us if a Dorian type storm hits us, southeast NC would never recover.
How many of those storms have happened during a pandemic? And how many people in this sub have experienced that kind of storm? It's a perfectly valid question given our circumstances. Also, would you go to a shelter if there was a covid outbreak?
People are super reactionary right now and already stressed beyond belief.  Who knows what this pandemic will even look like in the summer and really, most of the bigger hurricanes that threaten us usually show up from late August to October.  That's even further down the road.
Florence slowed down because a high pressure ridge was sitting just inland of us and basically ground the storm to a screeching halt.  I've heard about the climate change-slower hurricanes thing but that wasn't the case with Flo and they aren't saying that climate change is slowing hurricanes to a standstill.  That was kind of a one-off event.
Sure I'd go to a shelter if evacuating a potentially devastating hurricane called for it, outbreak or no outbreak.  You reworded my point in that none of us have experienced that kind of storm because historically they don't hit us much.  I just don't see the reason for talking about it or alarming people because, well....people are alarmists.
Again, I hope I’m wrong, but we’re still going to be dealing with this come the fall.
Wishing the threat away isn't going to work.   If people are aware of a threat, they can prepare. If people are ignorant of a threat or the threat is dismissed, they don't prepare, and that leads to panic. Persons like yourself, who downplay legitimate threats are actually endangering the populace.
Didn't the same thing happen in Harvey? Doesn't seem like a one off, if it's happening every other year.   That being said, climate change did make [Florence larger and wetter than it otherwise would have been](https://phys.org/news/2020-01-climate-impacted-hurricane-florence-precipitation.html). It's just a matter of time before a big one wallops us. I personally think it's going to be sooner than later. I'm certainly not going to poke my head in the sand and pretend everything's going to be okay.
Have you read the noaa outlook for this season? Not saying it's gospel but if we're looking at an overly active season and most people here haven't experienced this kind of storm, that's not being an alarmist.   With climate change, we're bound to see more, stronger storms in the years to come. The historical data also isn't predictive.
You can say that with certainty for only one part of the equation and that is Coronavirus will be present.
Most people who live on the coast are aware of the threat of hurricanes.  Kind of the same as the Cali/earthquake thing.  I'm not dismissing the threat as it is always there.  When has being rational been endangering.  I haven't told anyone not to have an evac plan, or be prepared.  I am saying that tying it into a pandemic that already has people going nuts doesn't help things.
I meant a one off for us.  You know that.  We can and have gone entire hurricane seasons without so much as a sniff of a major hurricane.  You think it will be sooner, I think it will be later.  We both agree people should be prepared for hurricanes.  There is no disagreement there.  I just think the way you worded your post mashed up a bunch of non-related things into a apocalyptic scenario that has a very small chance of happening.  Again, I obviously could be wrong but just think the way you presented your opinion would tend to agitate more than prepare people.
Saying that the season will be overly active doesn't mean the same thing for every state.  Sure there is a heightened chance but the NOAA and other prediction groups are wrong half the time on the good side (for us anyways).  I think by the end of this season, all of us will still never have experienced a storm like you are referring to.
Plus we’ll have the fun benefit of flu season!
I mean, if you think people are going to panic for simply **suggesting** a hurricane will hit us during the pandemic, how do you think people are going to act if it actually comes to pass?   I'd rather people hear the warning and prepare themselves, than freak the fuck out and go all Mad Max when a Cat 4 comes our way.
We'll have to agree to disagree. I think science and odds are on my side, but only time will tell.
Even if it's another Florence, adding a covid outbreak would make that situation extremely dire. The original question is worst case but the scenario of a hurricane and viral outbreak occurring at the same time is likely.
Right?  Everyone get your flu shots so we potentially only have to deal with two crisis events.  Good PSA
I think people will start to get edgy and stressed out even more when you tell them that "a worst case scenario could play out in the very near future."  I mean come on man.....we can barely buy toilet paper now!  Kidding, but like I said previously it's a difference of opinion.  I'm all for the Preparedness PSA but not with how you presented it.  Nothing malicious.   I'm headed to bed but it was nice having a normal convo with you and everyone else
I would say possible but would't say likely.  Likely implies that it will likely happen and that it will happen this summer in addition.  I just don't see it man, but I would never tell people to not prepare.  I would tell them to not expect Summer Apocalypse 2020.

North Carolina leads the nation in COVID-19 outbreaks at meatpacking plants - Enlace Latino

That's a really misleading headline since they even say we are #3, and a very vague bit of reporting with a spurious relationship to facts to support even that claim. And has nothing to do with Wilmington.
JFC, this isn't even an "article"   This is how fake news spreads. The opinion peice only mentions Duplin and Lee counties. We need herd immunity and to stop the fucking nonsense fear mongering.   If you had a flu shot in the past 10 years you were inoculated for corona  No model was correct in the begining, and now this is all about government damage control
Wilmington is in NC, right?
Speaking of fake news: Your comment about the flu shot is 100% not true.
This one is, but the article has nothing to do with us, and the sub-reddit is supposed to be limited to things about Wilmington.
Yikes, sorry

Brief Survey on Coping During COVID-19 (18 + )


[Repost] Brief Survey on Coping During COVID-19 (18 +)


Online questionnaire on the impact of covid-19 worldwide
Hello, mod approved post. I am a researcher at the University of Edinburgh in collaboration with NHS Scotland. We are conducting an online questionnaire on the effects of covid-19 virus, lockdown and social distancing.This can be completed by anyone over 18 worldwide. We currently have a large sample from the US however very few from North Carolina.Please follow the link below and let us know how you have been impacted.Also a chance to win £100 in prize draw!https://edinburgh.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/covid-19_studyThank you!!! (Feel free to share)The findings of our study will be shared in the group when finalized.For more information please contact me at kelsea.stewart@ed.ac.uk
...what would I do with 100 British pounds tho
Completed. Good luck with your research!
Give it to me
Convert it to dollars...
Thank you!

Heads up! New Hanover county sees biggest single day spike in COVID-19 cases. 5th death.

Wait I thought Covid was cured because people got bored staying at home?!
Also, North Carolina is experiencing a [substantial spike in hospitalizations and deaths](https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article243103476.html).
Everyone asking if we're going to have a 2nd wave when we haven't gotten through the first wave yet 🙄
" it’s important to realize that testing does not create cases of the virus, it finds what is already out there,”   Absolutely terrifying that there's enough idiots out there that this needs to be said.
Psssh, this is so last week. This week is racism and protests. Ain’t y’all heard?
The pandemic isn’t over. The mouth breathing idiots just want to act like someone sounded the all clear. It’s not. We are still in it. Use your heads, wear a mask, don’t come together in large groups. Although, I will eschew that and brave the plague to protest the police state that has been foisted on us for our protection.
I have a family member who works for an urgent care in the area. They said that after the long weekend, they had people coming in for tests that were either hanging out with positive case friends at the beach, or they were around people who were positive, then went to the beach.
And all those dumbasses want to open back up lmao
It was never going to go away with the stay at home order. That was just to slow the spread. The spread has been slowed and hospitals are not being over run, so staying at home was successful. Now it is time to move on and get our lives back to normal
And almost exactly coinciding with reopening.
We still have lots of room to overwhelm when nobody gives a shit about social distancing right away.
Don’t know why you’re getting downvoted. I don’t get what people think is going to happen if they stay inside for a year.
That is a very inaccurate statement. Like completely fucking wrong.
Oh this is still phase 1. We have at least another week until phase 2 shit gets real
Yes. That’s what I typed.

I’d like to the The Husk downtown for probably causing a second spike in corona virus in the next couple weeks
My friend walked by there tonight and it was packed and zero social distancing. When getting a drink is more important than your life and the lives of others you are simply just a selfish prick Edit: I’d like to Thank The Husk
Honestly the Husk has always attracted shitty people so I'm not surprised.
In related news, [North Carolina just reported its highest daily case count since the start of the pandemic](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/05/23/861561659/north-carolina-reports-highest-one-day-spike-of-covid-19-cases). 1,107 new infections.   The lockdown has largely spared New Hanover county from a major outbreak thus far, but with the re-opening of beaches and rentals, and the influx of tourists that brings, we're about to get walloped. Keep an eye out for a spike in hospitalizations in the coming week. We still haven't seen the worst of it.
I will say, there are a lot of out of towners here for the weekend. But, that doesn’t excuse he bar from being irresponsible. Other places are going to open, and sacrifice half their business, why shouldn’t husk? Selfish people, and selfish business.
This whole pandemic has just highlighted the fact that most people are selfish pricks.
I haven't combed through the details of reopening criteria as thoroughly as I should, so bear with me, but how did The Husk qualify to open while other bars didn't?      (Also, quick nerdy edit - you meant to type "I'd like to  \[thank\]  The Husk")
It won't take a couple of weeks to see a spike it's about 4 or 5 day's before people start showing symptoms of it .
Can anyone give me a rundown of all the downtown bars?  These names are hilarious. I lived in ILM for just over ten years. The downtown scene was different. Is copper penny, real cafe, grasshopper, fire belly, hammerjax, etc...still around?  Wrightsville beach bars still around?
Imagine being this triggered about free consenting adults making their own decisions. I assume you as well are a free consenting adult and can make the decision to not go out in public, if you wish.
AND NO ONE OUTSIDE OF REDDIT REALLY CARES.  Survival rate is ridiculously high. Contain the vulnerable, not all.
Unfortunately, there's nothing that can be done about this.  Businesses have to go on or our society will fail.  I'm sure many of you would rather stay at home and not work, but many more want to return to work and continue to build their lives.    We can't live under a rock for 5 years while we wait for a vaccine to be developed.
And forcing your beliefs on everyone else makes you a what ?
Their bartenders are also fucking shitty. I've always enjoyed Yosaki's, and always end up going to Duck n Dive before hand instead of the Husk.
I really, really hope we’re all wrong, and this thing will disappear as quickly as it appeared.   But I’m already gearing up for more, and others are too. Sams was totally out of toilet paper and paper towels today when I went.
Yup it’s fucking nuts
It spared NHC until all the folks from Raleigh and Greensboro came down and packed the beaches and bar for the weekend. :/
My guess is that since they serve food they qualify as a restaurant
"I'd like to ~~blank~~ the Husk..."
Can take up to 14 days they’ve said ?
Oh man, where to start. Copper penny and real cafe are the only ones left on your list. Fire belly’s moved to monkey junction then closed down shortly afterwards. Grasshopper (where I use to underage drink) closed and became a Greek restaurant for a long time, think they closed or moved to a new location. Hammerjax’s changed names a couple of time then the building was condemned and torn down. They rebuilt a new building and it some shops now. Wrightsville beach bars as far as I know are still there. I don’t go down there if I don’t have too. Hope this info helps. Cheers!
I get tired of people bitching as well. (My girlfriend, for example.)  The counter argument here, though, is that *they* may be consenting, but if they get the virus, the next person they pass it on to may not be consenting. For a common cold we'd say, "well shoot, what are you gonna do?" But for a virus that kills people, it makes people who don't consent to dying concerned.
Imagine being so triggered by a reddit comment you just have to post a complaint using the word “triggered”  Are you that offended by reddit comments? I mean, ugh, it’s exhausting hearing people complain about triggering. Just watch Netflix and scroll through the comments
Imagine being a nurse or a doctor, or janitor at the hospital, having to deal with a second wave of this virus in the coming months. All because consumers gotta get their freedom fries and patriot burgers stuffed into their bellies and waddle around bumping into each other getting drunk. Imagine being a real HERO that has to shove a ventilator tube into someone's lungs and tell them everything will be okay. Imagine being that person on the ventilator, alone, just trying to breathe. Imagine being a human being, with enough intelligence and compassion for others instead of being a troll on the internet getting triggered.
Are you going to support the vulnerable when they give their jobs to someone else?
No one is saying we need to stay home and let society fail. Most are just advocating for a slow Roll out while we figure more stuff out.   And I disagree about the going back to work park. A lot of the F&B people I’ve spoken to have said that they’re dreading going back to work. It 1) puts them in harms way. Most of these folks don’t have health insurance through their employer. Meaning many don’t have health insurance.  2) many of them will be following the rules and only serving 50% of their tables. That means 50% fewer tips, with more dedication to cleaning. Going back to work will make the, just enough money to fall off unemployment, but not enough to make a living. It’s an unfortunate situation to be in.
You're the same person who doesn't know how viruses work. No one is going to listen to you, nor should they.
There's no forcing of beliefs on everyone in the OP. Just stating their own opinion about a not un-serious matter. Carry on projecting your assumptions into things.
A Christian
What the fuck are you talking about?
This one bartender the blonde chick she sucks
Gotcha, it's been years since I've been there, and didn't recall if they served food. Still, that place has always been a clusterfuck.
Well to have a liquor license 30% of your sales need to be from food, unless you are a "private club"
I put an edit in
Perhaps longer, if you ever even show symptoms. They don't really know. But yes, up to 14 days is the accepted norm. There is increasing evidence that this thing has been running around longer than anyone suspected at the start, which would be what successful virus's typically do.
There’s also the fact that the bar is clearly breaking the order. They needed to limit people and require distancing. Other places can do it, why can’t they?
If if's and buts were candy and nuts.... Your train of thought is a dangerous one, Far more detrimental to a populas than any virus.
 New hanover county has has 154 cases and 4 deaths so far. How many businesses have shut down permanently or irreparablably damaged from the lockdown? People who know they are at risk should stay home. Let adults make their own decisions, we are all smart rational people we do not need government telling us what to do and destroying our local economy.
It's exhausting hearing people complain about people complaining about triggering. Just watch Netflix and scroll through the comments  Edit: sorry I had to lol
imagine being a business owner forced out of business and unable to feed your family because the government shut you down because of virus from china that has a 99% survival rate, and only kills the most vulnerable people who had pre-existing conditions and otherwise would have did from the underliying condition, like pneumonia or the common flu does.  instead you could have been a human being, with enough intelligence and compassion for others instead of being a troll on the internet getting triggered.
I've been supporting local businesses with 20 dollar tips every time I order takeout. Five times a week.  What are you doing to support the economy?
Don't be surprised I'm the same person when you click my account to find my posts ;P.   Go get triggered some more.
So when your church reopens you won't be attending correct?
That's pretty funny. Specifically in this case, there was no science to back up the decisions being made at the start. Science is based on facts, and there were none yet. That's why it was called the novel corona virus. As the facts have emerged, the science has produced a very different picture. If you'd been paying attention, and it would appear you haven't, you would know more and not say stupid things.
I don't know if you can really call it 'food". It's like the most minimally passable greasy bar offerings
Oh I was just stating the pun, homie. You have a full agree from me.
That's the bitching part. Okay, so they're breaking a rule. Who cares? It's putting the community at risk that matters (that should matter, anyway) not breaking rules per se.
We can’t just look at new Hanover though. North Carolina reported its worst day to date last week. Charlotte has been a disaster zone. And now that it’s summer, I’m already seeing more and more out of state license plates. I’ve been doing everything I can to help my favorite local businesses, but we have to keep people safe.
Truth  Game respect game
The virus does not only kill at risk people. Its killing otherwise healthy adults, teens, and even kids. Just because the survival rate is high doesn’t mean you can ignore it. Not to mention it can cause life long issues like reduced lung capacity. You could be a decent human being who doesn’t put a price on peoples lives. If you’re mad about small businesses shutting down, redirect that towards the government whose aid package did little to help small business and people, but instead prioritized large companies.
No need for me to imagine being a business owner getting shut down. If the cost of me doing business is risking someone's life, especially the most vulnerable, it ain't worth it. The economy will be fine eventually.
Enough, no personal attacks.
Baller.  You didnt answer my question.  If we do a partial shutdown, that means that the vulnerable will lose their jobs to those that aren’t vulnerable.  Are YOU going to be willing to take care of them or not?
What do you get out of spreading bullshit? Besides temporary alleviation from boredom?
Correct, because it really, definitely sounds like I go to church.
The science of "staying away from places and people that can get you sick" has been around for just a while, I think. Of course no one knows specifically about this virus, but the precautions we've been taking aren't exactly rocket science to figure out and *do* have science behind them. I have been paying attention and what we've been doing has been helping.
Nope. Try again. It’s called novel because it’s a strain that has not previously been seen in humans.
It's actually much improved from the old days, but yeah it's minimal offerings. Keeps them designated as a restaurant for ABC purposes.
I mean, I’m bitching about both. Customers are being selfish because they’re going out and continuing to be in a large group. The restaurant is selfish for allowing it. This is 100% how we get hit with another wave.
10-4
I'm confused. We did a full shutdown.   And luckily we are beginning to reopen.   Not sure what your point is...
So it's a new virus. Thanks for clearing that up genius !
Putting aside the lockdown & phased opening shit, I'd just like to state the obvious: NC liquor laws and blue laws are absurd fucking relics of puritanical ideology, and they need to be abolished.
What did you mean by “contain the vulnerable”?
Reading comprehension isn’t a strength of yours, is it?   It hasn’t been seen in humans. That doesn’t means it’s new. It means it has been seen in other creatures, and now it is infecting humans. That doesn’t make it a new virus; it means it hopped species.
Tell me about it. I manufacture a vodka and every damn State has different laws. Not to mention ya gotta deal with the TTB on the Federal level before you can do anything. NC is one of the more primitive because it's still all State owned and used as a political tool and reward. And a lot of NC is still pretty backwards with a lot of still dry counties where you brown bag your own bottle to the bar, which makes completely no sense whatsoever.
We know who is at risk, yet we mandated a lockdown for all. Not the best idea to approach the situation.
It hasn’t been found in other creatures. That has been an working assumption.
Do you even have a dictionary ?
So your solution would be a partial lockdown for only those people that we currently believe are at risk?
No. No lockdown.
So just ignore those at risk and let them die?
Nope. Those at risk should take precautions.
Such as?
Whatever they feel appropriate for their risk level.
So your solution is basically to say “suck it up buttercup”.

