Latest Covid-19 data

With a picture of the guy that originally denied it, and said it wasn't a worry.
I’m not a conspiracy theorist in any way, but I do find the random and sporadic inclusion of the test count data point a little suspect.  EDIT: apparently the testing data is reported on Mondays. Good to know. I guess I missed that call-out on the graphic...
They do it every Monday. It's not random. I wish they did it every day though.   Glad to see testing finally starting to ramp up though
Interesting. Any idea why they have line of site to test results but not tests conducted? I assume the data is being reported from separate sources. I dunno. I still think incomplete data paints an inaccurate picture.
I don't know to be honest. I'm sure there's a reason, but they haven't shared that reason to my knowledge.
Fair enough. Thanks for the response. Sometimes the half-answers and non-answers from our leadership (at all levels) frustrate me. So much noise, not a lot of signal these days. But I really do appreciate the clarity.

570 Tyson Foods’ workers test positive for COVID-19 at Wilkesboro poultry facility

They tested 2,244 and 570 were found positive. So 25.4%.
Looks like the link changed   https://www.wfmynews2.com/mobile/article/news/health/coronavirus/570-tyson-foods-workers-test-positive-for-covid-19-at-wilkesboro-poultry-facility/83-0cffd70c-22c7-46ef-bdca-32870e9e700a
“Tyson Foods said the majority of the workers did not show any symptoms and otherwise would not have been identified.”  So many people could have this and never really even know it. That’s how it spreads so much and that’s why we need to continue distancing! And why we need to ALL wear masks in public! MASKS MASKS MASKS!
Oh but let’s open up the state and get haircuts. “Normal” is essential poor workers being forced to return to work without social distancing protections so that middle and upper class people can have their petty luxuries.
yikes
Cue the “bUT iT’s jUsT ThE TYsOn PlAnT!” mouth breathers who seem to be occupying this sub lately.   I’m really interested to see how they minimize this
"But it's just another flu!" Pshaw.
Ahh thank you
This is what people adamantly refuse to understand. It's not the mortality rate as much as how easily it's transmitted combined with how many people are asymptomatic. A lack of symptoms in so many people makes a large scale quarantine so freaking important.   But all they can scream about are "muh freedom" like they're a modern day "wullyum wullahce" from Braveheart.
I guess those people stay in the plant and never go home or anywhere else...

Forsyth County reports 48 more COVID-19 cases, county total now above 800

Highlights from the article:  > The new cases continue a weeks-long trend of sizable daily increases, with the county's total now at 821.  > Thursday is the seventh day in a row that active cases have outnumbered recovered cases by more than 100, although recoveries increased significantly in the most recent report.  > Forsyth County is one of six North Carolina counties with at least 800 cases of the virus.   > In Davie County, Ashley Furniture Inc. has had “a handful of” COVID-19 cases among its Advance workforce, spokesman Cole Bawek said Wednesday.
Not sure I understand the downvotes...
People want to pretend things are better, but the data shows the opposite. They don't like the data, so they downvote.  The virus doesn't care about their downvotes.  The worst part about all of this is that we could managed this so much better. If the federal government had done their job and coordinated the testing and PPE so the states could administer everything, we would be resolving this. But we are just flying blind now.
There's a non-local or perhaps "inorganic" group of people who are trying to push misinformation here. They're a part of the same group that tries to push political perspectives that no resident here holds. Any time you use actual facts about the pandemic, they get all mad and pissy. Right now, they're not pushing political stuff because of the pandemic. All you ever need to do to reveal them is just start spitting out facts and they almost always shut up.
And this is why you don't rely on the government to take care of you. You are responsible for yourself first, your neighbors second and not the other way around.
What facts would those be in particular? What agenda do you imagine is being pushed here? Genuinely curious.
So thousands of people should die because they weren't responsible for themselves instead of the fact that the government knew about this in January, received warnings from multiple intelligence agencies, and then drug their feet?
Since the current popular topic to push misinformation on is the pandemic, next time someone gushes about how well we're doing and recovering and blah blah, find some CDC, etc. sources that contradict them. Then sit back and watch the voting habits and responses over the next 8 hours (if you do this during business hours). You'll see for yourself. The votes come in waves with a general up or down trend until those "fakes" come in and it will drop down to negative regardless of what your score was and do so within about 45 minutes. Then it will slowly climb back up and drop down again. It'll finally settle out around 5:30, 6 PM as people come home from work. I've seen scores go from +30 to -10 in a matter of less than an hour (to settle around +10 to +20ish by 6PM) every time someone contradicts them.   Outside of the pandemic, anything political that you don't see in real life. Do the same. It's no secret that NC is the buckle of the bible belt and Winston borders on a weird fence where people will *do* the right thing but *vote* opposite. So when you see someone *saying* such in real life, they're usually not local but they'll engage you. If you see someone *saying* such on the sub here, it's almost guaranteed that it's a plant. So just engage them and have them prove it and respond with counter facts. They'll either just fall back on a script (you'll recognize it if you do it enough) or get angry. In both cases, you'll see the same waves of voting patterns.   The votes come in waves along with the dissenting replies. It's like clockwork and with a regular frequency. Someone is trying to use reddit to spread political and social views here in Winston. It's 100% the reason I pay no real attention to voting tallies other than the patterns in this sub.
Wow, there are so many fallacies in that that I'm not even going to try to address any of them. *You're better than that.*   If you care to try again with something that's reasonable, I'll be happy to reply.
Well thank you for clarifying. I wasn't sure what was being intimated as far as the general bent of the comments you were referring to.   IRL I've noticed a big defining factor in responses is that the better off (generally) the person is the less seriously they seem to take this. Now you can set aside the deeply intelligent from that vague generalization but those with savings, decent insurance, etc are reasonably less bothered.   They tend to be older and more conservative and consume matching information streams to their political views.   My younger, more prog, less established friends seem to be taking on protection of their person like it was a new hobby and I think that's wise (for everyone). I'm somewhere in the middle of those two poles but I have cause to be cautious and tend to be a little more collectivist in my decision making.   Yesterday I had someone approach me who I am friends with. Haven't seen him but he lives near my business. A minute into speaking with me he finally revealed that he had gone to see his doctor for his rheumatoid arthritis and gotten the swab.  He told me he'd "already had the 'Rona" and that the doc said he was over it now and "we were all gonna get it" so not to worry. I said he still needs to be careful and keep distance while taking a step back from 4' to 6'.  He said he's still going to wear a mask and gloves of course and took a socially rearranged step back towards me.   I stepped back again and told him I had to go. He wasn't wearing gloves or a mask. What he was was day-drunk.  When I left my work he was talking with our other neighbor and I saw him shake his hand and hug him.  I called my neighbor and he was unaware this guy had tested positive.   He went home and we both had our respective decon showers and now my clothes, belt, shoes, etc are in a garbage bag for several days until washing.   The difference is this older "plague-rat" is wealthy and could quarantine for a 5 week period with ease anywhere he could drive to in one of his four cars...but that would be mildly inconvenient.   If I get sick I have insurance and a salary but also a family.   If my neighbor gets sick he will likely lose his business having just been closed for almost two months.   I am angry about the flippancy and failure to do the modest calculation needed to be a good person on behalf of some of the people I interact with. Fortunately, this interaction for me was maybe two minutes but the person in question was inside my friends space for 20. He had to bleach down everything.  We're both going to call him today while he is sober and confront him. He may not know that he can still shed for weeks and we want clarification on when he had the "all-clear" from his doc.  I will try and keep my peepers out for this trend you were describing. Thank you for the reply.

Winston-Salem bike shop sees increase in sales during COVID-19

I’ve bought two bikes from Paul’s. Great folks. We are fortunate to have some good bike shops in town—MOB, Ken’s, Clemmons Bicycle—even Cycle Your City, which is tee-tiny, but did one of the most thorough tune-ups I’ve ever gotten.
Bike shops across the country have seen insane sales during this! The manufacturers cannot keep up with the demand of bikes right now. I recently bought a Specialized Mountain bike and it was ridiculous trying to hunt one down. It is great for the bike shops right now, they are absolutely killing it.
Good.
Think about how healthy everyone would be and how much cleaner the environment would be if everyone just rode bikes everywhere instead of cars. The world would be a much nicer place.
Mock Orange Bikes = best shop in town
One of the largest online bike retailers, chainreactioncycles, is almost entirely sold out of bikes. Huge demand at the moment.
Can anyone recommend an entry level fat tire bike?
Seconded. Supporting any Local Bike Shop is good, though I’ve always enjoyed shopping at MOB.
Just purchased a Kona from them 2 weeks ago, love it!

The Porch Kitchen & Cantina’s employee tests positive for COVID-19

Kudos to the management team at The Porch for keeping their employee's name anonymous but also letting their customer base know and for taking the necessary precautions all around despite it costing them business in the here and now.  For those wondering, it's an absolutely fantastic restaurant and the food is amazing. Definitely support them when they're open again!
Good on them. Owner's husband is an MD, and the food is delicious. Wouldn't hesitate to order from them and neither should you.
I haven’t been in here but have heard it is amazing. However, these are the kinds of business moves, caring for customers and employees that make me happy to be able to frequent them upon re-opening.
I literally got takeout from them for the first time on Wednesday night.
Thanks for sharing, I was thinking of ordering it tonight
I think it’s very smart and also brave of them to post this. It’ll cost them business but it’s a smart and healthy move for their employees and for us the customers. However The Porch is much loved. They will regain their business and support once all of this is over. I wish the employee a speedy recovery. Once they re open, everyone go try their special margaritas. ALSO their ice cream cookies are huge and so good lol! But seriously if you haven’t already, go try the food. The outside seating is one of my favorite parts of going to The Porch. They got fans outside too. I love sitting outside with my queso dip in the summer time!
A great example of a company that has done everything right since this all started. Taking care of workers, taking care of the public, and donating time and resources to help others, even as they themselves are struggling. Kudos!
Yeah,  definitely. Good food and a nice ambiance. Check it out when they open back up.
They are also paying employees during this two week shutdown
Never heard of them, but always looking to try something new.  Is the food good?
I’ll be making my first trip there ever after this, solely because of how well they handled this.
Well of course not!
Agree.
Very unlikely you would contract the virus from takeout. Still, smart to be vigilant for a while.
Uh oh.....
 I agree!
Yes they mentioned that. Good
If that’s not reason to support a business, nothing is. Thanks for the information!
Pretty much what the user below said. Food is AMAZING. Also their margaritas are the bomb too
Their lunch time chili is amazing.
"You" meaning anyone.
Thanks, chickentits!
Yes I understand what you meant. I was speaking for myself. Thanks!

Some employee at Baity's Tire Shop off of Silas Creek Parkway said he had coronavirus, and he came to work for THREE WEEKS!


Coronavirus: Rural Hall Hanesbrands center confirms case


North Carolina hospital nurse said patients attending coronavirus parties, intentionally trying to get the virus

I'm glad to see that Winston has made the National news twice in the last few weeks - once for 9 year old kids stealing cars, and now for COVID19 parties.  We are on the up-and-up!
Would hosting these events not be a criminal offense? I am very ignorant, but I have heard that all GSW have to be reported to the authorities for investigation, can this not be the same thing?
I fully encourage this. Same for anyone who claims it's a hoax or not as bad as the flu. They'll either prove it's real (and get what they deserve) or they'll prove it's fake and we can go back to our lives.  It's a win-win.
Or they will get it and spread it to others

Trump Forced Meat Processing Plants to Stay Open. Now There's Almost 600 Workers With Coronavirus at a North Carolina Plant.

Ah yes, a Vice article should lay a solid foundation for a constructive conversation.
News flash: They didn't *have* to stay open. They could have gone ahead and closed and then sued the government over any "punishment" for doing so. The case wouldn't have been heard until after everything cleared up and would have been bolstered by the (by then) historical data showing how bad of an idea it was.
inb4 “WE CANT STAY CLOSED FOREVER WE KNOW PEOPLE ARE GOING TO GET SICK THE CURVE IS FLAT”.
Did u know the plant closed for several days to deep sanitize?

North Carolina reports highest daily coronavirus infection increase as state enters phase 2 of reopening

So, over/under on when we fall back to phase 1?
Doesnt it take quite some time, ie more than two days, for the virus to warrant a test? Meaning these people would have gotten the virus before phase 2 and maybe even before phase 1? So really going into phase 2 is not the reason the rate has gone up yet.
If only an elected official from the state had been warned about this in advance and taken it more seriously...
Of course
WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED
And they won’t Hanes mall open lol
For the sheep that just read the headlines. They ramped up testing. The percentage is a little lower of people that have it. Just because they test more doesn’t mean more people have it. They just weren’t testing as many people. It’s the percent that counts. And it is lower. Jesus read more than a head like sheep before you are lead off a cliff
Shocker. If this wasn’t an election year things would of been handled a lot better on both sides of the isle.
 Oh lord, the sky is falling...better get some toilet paper. If you are into statistics at all and you are still a mask nazi good luck on your flat earth degree. Fucking sheep.
Nothing in the article claims there is a link between entering phase 2 and the increase in new cases.   The report merely points out that we are experiencing a record high in new case *AS* we enter phase 2.
Have to go back to the office on Tuesday. I’ve worked from home for 10 weeks, it’s worked well. Very disappointed they are making us come back to the office.
I've worked this whole time. Out of our 1000+ employees only 2 have tested positive. We haven't shut down. If one takes the necessary precautions, where's the problem? We are required to wear masks and social distancing. BTW, there's a 99% recovery and survival rate. So I hope you living in fear helps out for you mentally.
Where can I go to read about how the percentages have changed? My county's website presents data in number of incidents, which is very hard to understand.
I don’t know if this particular outcome can be classified as a “both sides of the aisle” issue. There has been a partisan alignment of Democrats in favor of shutdown and gradual reopening and Republicans skeptical of the shutdown and encouraging reopening. There are outliers in both camps, but that’s been the situation in broad strokes.  So it’s hard to make this a “both sides” thing regardless of who you think has facts on their side.
Stop with that “there’s good/bad people on both sides” crap
Nothing in the article suggests that the move to phase two caused the record high in positive test results.   The report simply points out they we experienced a record high *AS* we moved to phase two not *BECAUSE* we moved to phase two.
This makes no sense. The flat earth people are anti-science, just like the people who oppose masks. “Mask nazis” are following the guidance of scientists.
Right. But why point that out unless the author is trying to suggest a correlation?
Don't worry, you're not alone in that boat.
https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard   You have to do the math yourself but percentages don’t lie. They are lower. You can just see the days with more test are the days they say it spikes. It’s a media hype game. And just because you test positive don’t mean you show symptoms.
>So it’s hard to make this a “both sides” thing regardless of who you think has facts on their side.  They're going to try anyway, and it's going to work on a LOT of poorly informed people. The kind who tend to vote, too.
Politics are shit no matter which side your on. The only issue with this pandemic happening in an election year is trying to appease both sides instead of doing what’s right.
I think it’s more that we may be choosing a poor time to enter phase two.
The author is pointing out that there is a record high of cases as we enter phase II, because it is important to be aware of what is happening as it is happening. Correlation or causation can only be understood after data has been collected, and not enough time has passed to understand if there is a correlation between the Phase 2 opening and increased cases.
The title of the article uses the word “as” not the word “because”. The word “as” in no way conveys or implies correlation in this context.   Let us consider this article for illustrative purposes:  **Trump plays golf for 1st time since the coronavirus pandemic as US death toll nears 100,000**  https://www.bostonglobe.com/2020/05/23/nation/trump-plays-golf-1st-time-since-coronavirus-pandemic-us-death-toll-nears-100000/  Now, it is clear that no rational person would look at this article and believe that it is implying some sort of causal relationship between Donald Trump playing golf and the US death toll from Coronavirus nearing 100,000 confirmed deaths.   It is abundantly clear that this article is simply noting the fact that the President has opted to play golf on the weekend that the nation nears 100,000 dead.   The reason the meaning of the word “as” is self evident in this example is because in this context it is clear that the word “as” indicates that the two events are happening concurrently, not that they have causal relationship or any correlation between their occurrences.   In the title of the article I posted and in the title of the article I am using here as an example, the word “as” is being used as a conjunction and can be defined as being “used to indicate that something happens during the time when something is taking place”.   Hopefully this clears things up.
I'm not a Reopen person--I'm actually pretty nervous about Phase 2. But the amount of shock journalism that takes numbers out of context is appalling.   I'm concerned about the positive test percentage climbing. I'm not sure you can still call the hospitalizations chart "flat". But the case count spike coming two days after some big breakthroughs in testing numbers just *isn't a news story*.
https://covid19.healthdata.org/united-states-of-america/north-carolina
ok
Well, that's disingenuous.   The news outlet (Newsweek, in this case) is deliberately juxtaposing two things in their headline. It's clearly meant to connect them in a way that makes a point. Even if that connection isn't causative (like a because), but merely temporal (at the same time as).   It's true that North Carolina spiked yesterday. It's back down to a new one month low today. Yesterday was the result of several breakthrough days in testing numbers over the course of last week.  I'm not a Reopen nutjob, I'm actual real nervous about Phase 2, and I'm watching the numbers closely, and *I just want my science to be science*.  It's concerning that the percentage of positive tests is climbing. I also look at the hospitalization chart and see "slight climb", not "flat" the way the state seems to.  But "spike in cases" is shock-headline-ism at its very worst. That number can only be properly understood in the context of the testing and percent-positive numbers.

