Northgate Mall closing from financial struggles worsened by COVID-19

When I moved to Durham, I ate my first dinner at a Chinese joint in the food court.  I got food poisoning. I will miss you Northgate.
Duke bought the space that was Macy’s and had planned to move outpatient clinics into it by Summer 2021. I would be shocked if that timeline hasn’t been pushed into the (perhaps unforeseeable) future.
OMG I used to live in Durham and have many fond memories of this mall... So sad! 😢

IHME | COVID-19 Projections

Why the hell are we reopening? I received a summons for jury duty today! I am going to try to defer it but I wonder what social distancing measures they will take, if any!
Or y’all can just continue to be lazy and get a paycheck or unemployment for staying home while essential workers go out every day and make it possible for you....while business owners lose everything. That’s what you want isn’t it?
I am married...both incomes are counted. Together my husband and I make well over $99,000 a year. The document from the cdc stating that all deaths even SUSPECTED of being any way linked to the virus be reported as Covid-19 deaths has been widely circulated by many credible sources. If you haven’t seen it I’m not sure how you deem yourself qualified to discuss these matters. And the Karen thing is overplayed and lazy...you can’t do better than that?
First off...who gives a damn where I replied? Second, look up the salary of supervisors in an electric company...then look up the salary of someone who owns their own cleaning business. Add it up. We make way too much money. Because it doesn’t apply to me I don’t know what the cutoff for couples is but I know my family didn’t get nor want nor need a stimulus payment. Third, you’re making a whole lot of assumptions about me wanting to go out. My life hasn’t changed a bit since the shutdown. I work, I go home to my daughter. I don’t “go out”. I didn’t “go out” before. I simply think that 3.2 million people on unemployment is a fucking travesty. I take care of myself and my own...I always have and I always will. I don’t take handouts. You will never comprehend that because you believe in taking handouts.
Again...who cares where I reply? My original statement applied to able bodied persons not working right now. I have no issue with high risk people staying home and receiving unemployment. Nor do I have an issue with caretakers of high risk people staying home and receiving unemployment. However, I have a very large issue with anyone else doing it. I also have a very large issue with business owners being forced to close. I really don’t have much of an issue with those who are able to work from home doing so. But if you are able to do that you have no right at all to chastise others who don’t have that luxury and need to get back to work. Don’t sit in the comfort of your home posting on the internet telling people who can’t feed their family to StAy HoMe SaVe LiVeS.
I don’t give a damn about Reddit. I don’t live my life through social media enough to care. You should try it.
I can't imagine jury trials coming back any time soon. What is the date on it?   NC is in a good place in terms of hospital and ICU beds, especially compared to a lot of other places. IHME also released suggestions based on their modeling on when to start reopening and NC was the 3rd state with a date of May 13. So we're actually about where we should be based on their data (at least from the latest versions that I can find).   From an individual risk standpoint, nothing is going to change for a very long time. Everyone is going to have to figure out their own risk tolerance levels and adapt accordingly. We'll also all need to adapt to a new normal that includes wearing masks (especially indoors), limiting capacity of indoor spaces, teleworking and doing events virtually whenever possible, keeping distance from others as much as possible while out, and practicing good hygiene both at a commercial level and individual level. That's not going to change any time soon.  But it's not possible for everyone to stay inside until there's a vaccine (which there might never be) or a good therapeutic (which again there might never be).
No way we are ready. Look at all the uncertainty in the projections, and that it seems the total death toll will double in about a month.
Or you can realize this was a serious thing and closing down needed to happen to prevent it from being worse.
First off you replied in the wrong place.   https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/guid/A1F5A1F8-6EE6-11EA-82CE-84B502831015  $198,000 is the cut off for married people. Nice try lying.   As far as the death count, it's not always easy to determine exact cause of death so yes suspicions count. Doctors aren't handing them out for shits and giggles, it's applied where Covid is the most likely source and under strict criteria. In fact, it's likely we've been undercounting deaths.  https://www.google.com/amp/s/abcnews.go.com/amp/Health/accurate-us-coronavirus-death-count-experts-off-tens/story%3fid=70385359  So please, leave this up to healthcare workers and experts. Karen really fits this one. Middle aged woman claiming she works harder than others without any shred of empathy while denying science because she wants to go out without regard to the lives of others. Also someone getting their info from way biased and misquoted sources.
Again, you replied in the wrong place. You keep replying to the main thread and not the comment.   3.2 million is a travesty and we should have things like UBI and universal healthcare in place to cushion situations like this. That number however does not justify reopening too much prematurely.  It's great that you are taken care of but that doesn't mean other people are lazy because they don't have a job right now and need unemployment. Your original statement was that people don't want to reopen because they want to be on unemployment. That is just some delusion you are living under.  Safety programs like unemployment are essential right now. If we had kept things open more people would be dead. If you followed and understood the medical science behind this, you'd realize we aren't close yet.
Because you're not replying in the right area. You need to reply to the comment, not the general thread. It makes you look disjointed and ignorant. If you can't figure out reddit basics, go back to Facebook.   I'm an actual essential employee in emergency services. I work near the front line of this. Staying at home is what saves lives. What we need is more financial support programs for those who aren't working right now. Businesses needed to close because people proved very early on they weren't going to properly social distance or follow other precautions. They were also closed to slow the spread in general. This is worse than any flu. This situation is what government assistance is for.
If you trust that projection you should probably trust the projection that shows we will be below ICU bed capacity for the foreseeable future.  The death toll was doubling every couple of days before this, by the way.  This indicates that rate of infection has been significantly curbed so we can begin to reopen.  Infections *will* go up but we will be better prepared to handle it, in theory.  Or at least, we will have surge capacity again.  Or fuck it, no more protections and let's just rip the COVID-19 bandaid right off.  Infect everyone, if you live, you win.
I don’t believe I said closing down didn’t need to happen. But now it’s time to open up. You can’t sit on your ass in your house forever.
Opening up needs to be a slow and purposeful process. If we did it all at once it would make things worse. The people at home aren't being lazy and trying to extend it, they are being cautious by not going from 0-100.
You’re shitting me right? As I said in my first post...some of you are perfectly content to sit at home collecting unemployment while riding the backs of essential workers and watching small business owners lose everything.
Any examples of who you mean? I know plenty who are out of work but understand why and aren't content.
The only thing you’ve got is a very large sense of entitlement.
But still bringing in money...either from unemployment or being paid to work from home. Am I right?
Boo hoo, you have to work. Plenty of us have to. Is it fair some people can stay home? Sure, but there are reasons for it and it's nor a call to shit on them. Unemployment is there for a reason. We had to close and we have to reopen slowly. No one is clamoring to stay on unemployment other than a very few. You should be more mad at the companies who dodge taxes and shit on employees on a regular basis, not the people who can't work for whatever reason right now. You're essential? Great, you're doing good for the rest of society. That's the deal right now, a few of us keeping things floating.  If you feel you're underpaid, that's your employers fault, not those who work from home or can't work. It's not "fair" but it's how things are right now. Don't blame the jobless, blame the ones who make sure the jobless are as uncomfortable as possible.
It's a crisis. However they make money is valid. I'm essential and I go in to work because that's what's needed right now. I don't shit on those who can work from home or are on unemployment. That's what social programs are for.
I think the professional who gives the haircuts has a right to make a living. What’s that you said about stupid assumptions? 🤔
It is never valid to take handouts when you are capable of taking care of yourself. I could have applied for unemployment too but I’ve been working the entire time because I don’t believe in taking when I can do it myself. It’s a shame others don’t think this way.
Social programs are there to provide cushions when people need them. This is one of those times. This is a time where more handouts should be given to keep people in and not spreading this deadly virus. I take it you sent back your stimulus check?
What’s illogical is shutting down a whole country for a virus with a very small mortality rate. What’s illogical is shutting down the country for a virus that when you look at that very small mortality rate you also see that over 88 percent of it had one or more comorbidity. THOSE people should shelter in place...not the whole population. And you know what? I’m through arguing on Reddit about it, because the fact is, the state is indeed opening up.
I did not receive a stimulus check because I make too much. And I wouldn’t have wanted one even if I were eligible for one.
The state is opening up slowly. Phase 1 is only a little different from what we are doing now. The virus has killed more people than the flu and kills more that 9/11 daily. This wasn't an overreaction.
Sure chief. Why shit on people who need financial help right now? That's what unemployment is for. Just because you were fortunate doesn't mean others were.  How about a little compassion? It's not time for a full reopen and closing everything was necessary. You're downplaying numbers.
It has nothing to do with being fortunate. Hard work is the only thing responsible. I’m not downplaying numbers. I’m stating facts. The only skewing of numbers has come from all deaths being reported as Covid-19 deaths for funding.
Proof of that claim from a credible source? Real Karen energy going on here. Real doubtful you made too much money too given your history.

Please help me get my PhD! Need Research Participants for Dissertation Study due to COVID-19 halting in-person data collection. It's on digital communication!
 Summary: Are you bored and looking for something to do during the quarantine? Participate in a research study on digital communication and help at NCSU grad student! :)Details: Hi Everyone! I hope you are all staying safe and sane during this quarantine! So COVID-19 meant I had to halt data collection for my dissertation research which compares different communication mediums (e.g., computer vs VR) in terms of communication, social presence, and feelings of connection. I have altered the VR and computer conditions to be completely online, but now I need participants who and have about an hour to spare, I would greatly appreciate your help! For a full list of eligibility requirements and what the study entails, please see the recruitment flyer (link here: [https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC\_XI4ANYIm\_Cm8Eqg](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC_XI4ANYIm_Cm8Eqg)).If I sparked your interest and you would like to sign up for the study, here is a link to the scheduler survey: [https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF](https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF).Stay safe everybody!And thanks so much to those who have already signed up!Note: I've had a couple of people ask me about the 20/20 corrected or natural vision requirement so I'll go ahead and answer that question here. :) Basically, you can participate if you wear glasses or contacts, I just ask that you are wearing them during the study. If your vision doesn't correct totally to 20/20 but it's pretty close and you can still see everything pretty well, that is fine too.
Signup survey asks about having a “Windows computer.” Are Mac users excluded? Don’t want to waste your time.
Nope Mac users are not excluded! Sorry for the confusing wording!

Please help me get my PhD! Need Research Participants for Dissertation Study at NCSU due to COVID-19 halting in-person data collection. It's on digital communication!
Summary: Are you bored and looking for something to do during the quarantine? Participate in a research study on digital communication and help at NCSU grad student! :)Details: Hi Everyone! I hope you are all staying safe and sane during this quarantine! So COVID-19 meant I had to halt data collection for my dissertation research which compares different communication mediums (e.g., computer vs VR) in terms of communication, social presence, and feelings of connection. I have altered the VR and computer conditions to be completely online, but now I need participants who and have about an hour to spare, I would greatly appreciate your help! For a full list of eligibility requirements and what the study entails, please see the recruitment flyer (link here: [https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC\_XI4ANYIm\_Cm8Eqg](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC_XI4ANYIm_Cm8Eqg)).If I sparked your interest and you would like to sign up for the study, here is a link to the scheduler survey: [https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF](https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF).Stay safe everybody!And thanks so much to those who have already signed up!Note: I've had a couple of people ask me about the 20/20 corrected or natural vision requirement so I'll go ahead and answer that question here. :) Basically, you can participate if you wear glasses or contacts, I just ask that you are wearing them during the study. If your vision doesn't correct totally to 20/20 but it's pretty close and you can still see everything pretty well, that is fine too.

Please help me get my PhD! Need Research Participants for Dissertation Study at NCSU due to COVID-19 halting in-person data collection. It's on digital communication!
Summary: Are you bored and looking for something to do during the quarantine? Participate in a research study on digital communication and help at NCSU grad student! :)Details: Hi Everyone! I hope you are all staying safe and sane during this quarantine! So COVID-19 meant I had to halt data collection for my dissertation research which compares different communication mediums (e.g., computer vs VR) in terms of communication, social presence, and feelings of connection. I have altered the VR and computer conditions to be completely online, but now I need participants who have about an hour to spare. If you do, I would greatly appreciate your help! For a full list of eligibility requirements and what the study entails, please see the recruitment flyer (link here: [https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC\_XI4ANYIm\_Cm8Eqg](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10q6cWy69N23DtUdC_XI4ANYIm_Cm8Eqg)).If I sparked your interest and you would like to sign up for the study, here is a link to the scheduler survey: [https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF](https://ncsu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d3RO8yx8WPdnaiF).Stay safe everybody!And thanks so much to those who have already signed up!Note: I've had a couple of people ask me about the 20/20 corrected or natural vision requirement so I'll go ahead and answer that question here. :) Basically, you can participate if you wear glasses or contacts, I just ask that you are wearing them during the study. If your vision doesn't correct totally to 20/20 but it's pretty close and you can still see everything pretty well, that is fine too.
Having had to go through data collection and interviews myself, I can empathize with the struggle of needing participants.   I'll happily contribute when I get a free moment and encourage others to do the same! We should help each other out.   I may also suggest that people share this a bit to get non-redditers involved? That way we can avoid artificially skewing the results by over-representing people who participate in online forums like this? I know that there is a question for where you were recruited, but I think giving OP the best variety of data to work with will help.
If you support PSVR, I’m game.
You should post this in r/gradstudents
I got a WMR headset. I don't mind helping *edit registered
I don’t have any vr capability, but if I can help in any other way I’ll try!
Not even Mturk starvation wages?
Thanks so much for the support! I really appreciate it!
Unfortunately, the VR platform I'm using doesn't support PSVR; however, I could use you in the computer conditions if you are still interested in participating!
Thanks for the tip!
Thanks so much!
Thanks so much! I can definitely use you for the computer conditions so feel free to signup!
Mechanical Turk doesn't have the functionality I need to conduct the study unless they have updated in the last 2 years. But thanks for reminding me of them. I will double-check!
There is a tool to run PSVR on the PC though.
If you have a way to run AltspaceVR on PSVR, that would be totally okay :)

One in four Tyson Foods employees at North Carolina plant test positive for coronavirus

It's cool I've been marinating my chicken in Lysol since April
Sooooooo, what about the food fud thats being processed? Anyone checking that shit?
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4576  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
570 of the 2,244 staff and contractors came back with test positive results for COVID-19 between May 6 and May 9. **Most cases were asymptomatic**.  So we should probably be super frightened, shutter all logistical routes, stop producing food in mass consumer-grade quantities, and embrace the pending famine. Or we could agree that the treatment has become worse than the disease and maybe the current administration has this one right - reopening is necessary and is the less sucky of two  sucky choices.
Need to stop with the sensational headlines.
Lol
When I first read this I thought chicken was children and was very concerned but at the same time I also had the sick temptation to reply "crunchy"
Have you started the bleach injections yet?
Have you tried turning your brain off and back on again?
What’s sensationalist about this headline?
If you found it sensationalized maybe what you really found it was alarming. And it is.
I love how people like this guy conveniently ignore that we have only these two sucky options because our shitlord president screwed up his response to the pandemic repeatedly for months. There were many opportunities over those months for less suckage.
Apparently it's always in the off position
Dang Newsweek and their sensationalism. /s

