Local archivists urge residents to help document COVID-19


North Carolina Reports Highest One Day Spike Of COVID-19 Cases

Just wait. Give it a couple more weeks and we will be up to our necks.
One day spike?  It's going to outer space soon... the spike... wait a month. All the smart asses who don't want to wear a mask will be changing their tune soon.
We have also opened up the state I wonder if in the next few weeks if we will see an increase because of that.
Only!? 😂  Like thats an absolute; w/out question? Keep telling ur self that...
There’s no way of knowing when you have at least three independent variables affecting case numbers.

"Small" number of Mission Hospital staff test positive for COVID-19

Why not say how many?    Why weren't the "protocols" already in place?  Do they not "deep clean" anyway?
Yeah, very strange but not surprising that Mission is choosing to keep the exact number hidden. Transparency would really be appreciated right now, especially considering the trust issues that already exist because of Mission's changes over the last year or so.
Because Mission is run/owned by self-interested Trumpcucks who are more interested in profits and growth than they are in community health and safety.
Honestly, I didn't find it to be better before HCA bought it.  It had serious problems then, too.
Fair enough

Online questionnaire on the impact of covid-19 worldwide
Hello, mod approved post. I am a researcher at the University of Edinburgh in collaboration with NHS Scotland. We are conducting an online questionnaire on the effects of covid-19 virus, lockdown and social distancing.This can be completed by anyone over 18 worldwide. We currently have a large sample from the US however very few from North Carolina.Please follow the link below and let us know how you have been impacted.Also a chance to win £100 in prize draw!https://edinburgh.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/covid-19_studyThank you!!! (Feel free to share)The findings of our study will be shared in the group when finalized.For more information please contact me at kelsea.stewart@ed.ac.uk
I hope our responses can be of help to y'all.  I do have a suggestion: we use the word "apartment" instead of "flat" (at least in this part of the US).  I have never heard the word "flat" used in that way before and I had to use Google to understand that question.  That may throw some people off.  Thank you!
Sorry about that, we definitely forgot to check for our British-isms. Also we didn't really expect to get a good sample from America so pleasantly surprised but underprepared  Thank you!
No worries.  Thank you for your reply.

The Mountain County That Went into Coronavirus Lockdown

Great idea but the county couldn't afford to pay the deputies to man all the checkpoints 24/7.
Does Graham County ease lockdowns tomorrow (Friday) with the rest of the state?

Pisgah National Forest mostly reopens after coronavirus-related restrictions

Thanks for the link.  "Four-month closure cut short  When the National Forest Service first announced pandemic-related restrictions to Pisgah National Forest effective April 13, the orders weren't set to expire until August 13, unless they were rescinded sooner."  Great to read.   Travis Stanley

