My daily Durham-specific COVID-19 case count graphic


My daily Durham-specific COVID-19 case count graphic


My daily Durham-specific COVID-19 case count graphic

The 1-day dump of positive cases was due to testing at Butner Federal Prison.  https://www.newsobserver.com/news/coronavirus/article242361016.html
I hadn't seen anything Durham-specific that quantified the trends over time as far as COVID cases. The Durham Co. Data Hub showed daily cases, so I aggregated them into the last month and the prior month to show how the total has changed. I'll be posting them here if there is interest and on Twitter as well at [@zack_capozzi](https://twitter.com/zack_capozzi)
Does this account for changes in total tests performed? I see a lot of these metrics that don't specify whether they control for that.   All else equal we'd expect to see more positive cases if testing doubled in later months.
ty for this
I have been receiving the daily updates from Durham County Health Dept.  and I havea total of 800 cases as of 5/5/2020 and only 10 new cases since yesterday.  Two new deaths totaling 28.  The Dumping of Butner on us was a shock.  New cases, as and when reported, seem to be still fluctuating quite a bit.  Most "deaths are elderly with underlying conditions".
Wow really cool graphic
Amazing graphic.
I’m pretty sure the time series published by JHU (and available on GitHub) goes down to the county level for new cases and deaths, but I’ve only analyzed it at the state and country level. I’m not at my school computer right now but you should be able to find the time series by googling it.   It’s a CSV file so should be compatible with the analytics tool of your choice. Each day is a column so you may need to manipulate it a little to run your analysis.   If you work in public health you could try asking worldometers.com for their data. They have at least state level testing data and some other interesting details.
So as a scientist, what i'd like to see - moving average of new cases per day.  moving average of fatalities.  By state / county, not city (too individual)
Ah, not the nursing home stuff. Thanks for pointing that out. I've left the spike in the data because I don't have a better way to deal with it. For now, all the cases were probably in the past month, but as the date gets closer to the mid point, I may change the length of the periods to reduce issues from the one-day dump.
If anyone else was wondering why this was included as Durham even though the town of Butner is in Granville County, it turns out the county line goes right through the federal prison. TIL.
Are these numbers the new case count for the month?
Nope, it does not. I have been unable to find any daily data on tests performed for Durham. I've been trying to hound the county to share that information. You are 100% right though, hard to know whether these numbers are good or bad without knowing the positive test rate.  My hope is that by sharing these trend graphics, they will have an incentive to put that information out.  I'd also love to have daily hospitalizations as well.
At the state level, they’re assessing both total cases and total cases as a percentage of tests performed, which is nice. I haven’t seen that at a county level, though.
No problem. Glad it's useful.
Yep. That seems to tie. It hasn't been too bad in Durham it would seem. My goal with this is really to a) provide a comparison and b) allow people to see how things change from here on out.
100% agree that this is not the full picture. If we had the positive test rates, it would be a little better, but still.  Don't disagree, but have to work with what we have.
This is a moving average of new cases (28 day moving average).  There are so few fatalities in Durham Co. that I didn't think it would be especially informative.
Yes, new cases.
Daily death rates shouldn't change too much, no matter how much testing is performed.
The county testing rate has to exist. Wish they would publish it somewhere.
There is no trend though, it's a single data point.  How can we infer trends from this?
That's right, but to be clear, I'm looking at case growth here rather than deaths. Since we so few deaths, I'm more concerned with being on the look out for growth in cases since that is a precursor to a spike in deaths.
Agreed. I’m in public health m&e (currently at a small nonprofit) so by nature I just want allllll the numbers haha. I do have some serious concerns over the quality of the data, but I’d still like to see it.
Fair. I mean, it does show how the number of cases has changed in the past 28 days from the previous 28 days.   But to your point, as I get more data, I'll include a line chart that shows how the month over month percentage change changes over time.
How would you go about trying to get the positive test rates? Any tips?
You could calculate the rate yourself if you could get your hands on the number of tests performed (which I'm sure you know), but I don't think that's realistic. I wish there were some sort of centralized system for collecting data on this, but from what I've heard, things are pretty chaotic at both Duke hospitals, and I'm not sure if the DPH is even attempting to collect a total count on tests administered. One thought would be to message the mayor's office, Schewel seems really invested in doing what he can to help, making him aware that the public is interested in these numbers might be a start.

The May 8th Durham COVID-19 Case Count Update

There were 31 new cases recorded on the Durham Co. Data Hub site. This is the 4th highest single day total so far.  Is this a bad sign, with Durham's stay-at-home order lifting in less than a week? No clue, because we do not know how many tests were performed to find those 31 cases.  I am also posting these graphics on a more regular daily basis on Twitter under the hashtag #DurhamCOVID19Data from my [account](https://twitter.com/zack_capozzi).  I have been tagging Mayor Schewel and others but have received no response so I still have no idea why the number of tests in Durham Co. is not available.
Test more.  Find more.  Case counts are not terribly meaningful.  If hospitalizations soar, we’ll know something.
I hope people enjoy their phase 1 freedom before things get locked down even tighter once we see another wave. Me personally, I'll be right here in my apartment, tyvm.
I would say to wait a few more days until you can decide if it is a bad sign.
Thanks for looking into this. We need some denominators up in here! Do you have an idea if a lot more tests are being administered each week? I haven’t read any clear information about this.
Hospitalizations lag cases by up to 2 weeks. Rising cases should be an early warning that something is going wrong. Waiting for hospitalizations to start rising is very risky from a policy perpsective. Cases is more meaningful IF we know whether a rise is due to increased infections versus increased testing.
other states have seen people doing what you said and just staying home regardless. So I can assume Durham and NC will do the same
I don’t see the difference between people going a few at a time to various stores that are open now, and packing the Walmart’s, Targets, Lowe’s, and Home Depot like they were doing before Phase 1. Not to mention that more folks are just going out and hanging out outdoors, and there’s been no outbreak clusters that originated from people going out to parks. If we do another lockdown, people will just flood into Walmart and Lowe’s again because they are bored, and they will make things worse .
Without knowing the testing counts, I'm not sure we could even be sure after a few days.
Unclear. Jillian Johnson responded to my tweets and said she would look into it. So I'm cautiously optimistic that we can eventually get the total test number for Durham Co specifically.
If you change “should” to “could”, we agree.
>Not to mention that more folks are just going out and hanging out outdoors, and there’s been no outbreak clusters that originated from people going out to parks.  Eh, just wait a little bit. There most certainly have been a number of transmissions from circumstances where people didn't think they would happen. A member of my family does contact tracing here and apparently people are still surprised about how easily this spreads (as in the new positive cases).  >If we do another lockdown, people will just flood into Walmart and Lowe’s again because they are bored, and they will make things worse .  Most people have the ability to not shop because they are bored. You're a random dude on the internet - public health experts are essentially unified in their assessment that premature re-opening causes thousands of unnecessary deaths. That's the likeliest scenario right now.
Agreed. Without denominators, the numerators are not all that useful from a policy/personal action perspective. (Not a knock on you, OP, but on those withholding the data.)  Thanks to you for doing and posting these analysis with what you have!
https://www.vox.com/future-perfect/2020/4/24/21233226/coronavirus-runners-cyclists-airborne-infectious-dose  -coronavirus is less likely to spread outdoors.   > Most people have the ability to not shop because they are bored.  Not most people in North Carolina. At least with phase 1, they’ll be able to go to smaller stores where it’s easier to practice social distancing (less people shopping and congregating) than at the big box grocery and hardware stores. I feel safer in a small bookstore that only has a handful of people than at a Target with hundreds, and only half of them (if that) wearing masks.   Not everyone has a stay at home job, the ability to use food/grocery delivery services, and other things needed to weather this crisis.   You guys don’t have any helpful other than stay home, go to crowded grocery stores, and keep calling the unemployment line 8 hours a day hoping to get money so you can make rent and not get evicted
>\-coronavirus is less likely to spread outdoors.  No one's disputing that. However, it's still possible, and has happened in Durham. Runners/cyclists also is not the same  necessarily as congregating in parks. At Duke East last weekend there were many groups of people who I highly doubt all live together. Definitely not wearing masks, definitely not 6 feet apart. Not a good idea. Some people decide to take that risk but don't consider what that means for the rest of the community.   >I feel safer in a small bookstore that only has a handful of people than at a Target with hundreds, and only half of them (if that) wearing masks.  That's reasonable - but unless there is an actual need it's stupid to be in either one right now and boredom isn't really a good reason. Also, that's reasonable only if people are wearing masks. Stores that don't enforce this, I would say are not even worth considering patronizing at the moment.  >You guys don’t have any helpful other than stay home, go to crowded grocery stores, and keep calling the unemployment line 8 hours a day hoping to get money so you can make rent and not get evicted  Hey. I don't know your experience, but some grocery stores do a great job limiting the flow and requiring people to wear masks (which, when both people in an interaction wear a mask transmission is significantly lower). You're aware most people here don't wear masks outside - which was your point of comparison.  Not sure what you want. The best advice hasn't really changed, that doesn't mean it's stale now. Really the only thing in the end is that this bug is more patient than people. Patience is the thing. It's clear people are running out of it, and that's unfortunate because the bug has plenty to spare at the moment, and we will lose many many more lives because of that.

Covid 19 antibody testing
Hey guys, just wanted folks to know you can now easily get Covid 19 antibody testing in Durham. I paid $10. You just go to LabCorp’s website, create an account, pay, and set your appointment. I did this Thursday and got an appointment for 10:30 yesterday. I drove there, checked in on my phone, and they texted me when they were ready for me. I walked in, showed my driver’s license, and went straight back for the blood draw. I got the results back this morning (Saturday).
I called labcorp and told it was an initial $10 processing fee followed by a $119 lab fee. Did you encounter the same or was it really just $10?
Blood connection is testing is all donations for free!
Were you worried that you had the virus, or just wanted to try it out?
Due to my recent experience I would warn anybody to be wary af of LabCorp. They advertised on their website antibody testing that could be ordered by their doctors via a virtual visit; the Covid antibody page had links to 3 companies: Amwell, and 2 others. I signed up with Amwell for a teledoc visit and the doctor informed me they had no way to see the test results, and therefore could not order antibody testing.  I had entered my insurance information but was still charged the $69, which I disputed and got returned.   This was a few weeks ago.  Edit: it looks like since that incident they have changed their web pages. Maybe my emails reached someone, lol.
$10 is to request the test. They then bill your insurance for the blood draw/test. There’s no way to know what the test costs or how much your insurance will cover.
Wife was tested Friday and we both thought we had it in February. All the symptoms except a cough and both of us tested neg for the flu but her results came back Sunday negative so we don't know what it was in February
“LabCorp.com offers a convenient option where an independent physician will order your test and you will have an opportunity to consult about your result.* The fee for this service is $10 and is collected on behalf of PWNHealth for physician oversight services.”   I’m also thinking $10 is to request the test. There are no upfront costs at the time of testing because they may be planning to bill later.
No, just the $10 fee.
I was in Croatia in early March, and traveled through Germany and Canada before heading home. I’ve been wondering if I had been exposed. And LabCorp made it super easy to get tested.
They never took my insurance info, and I got “authorized” to take the test through their doctor, not mine.
Right, I checked it out and looks like they just changed this policy in the past week. I went ahead and signed up! Hopefully my insurance will pay it later lol
Awesome! Thanks for the info
You have to give your insurance info on the website to sign up.
Yeah, I would have remembered having to type in my member number, cuz I’d have to dig the insurance card out of my purse. And the check in lady didn’t ask to see my insurance card. I guess I’ll see.
I just tried to sign up and it said to provide insurance and that you will be billed for the cost of the test. I’m just trying to make people aware of what the actual cost is.

Online questionnaire on the impact of covid-19 worldwide
Hello, mod approved post. I am a researcher at the University of Edinburgh in collaboration with NHS Scotland. We are conducting an online questionnaire on the effects of covid-19 virus, lockdown and social distancing.This can be completed by anyone over 18 worldwide. We currently have a large sample from the US however very few from North Carolina.Please follow the link below and let us know how you have been impacted.Also a chance to win £100 in prize draw!https://edinburgh.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/covid-19_studyThank you!!! (Feel free to share)The findings of our study will be shared in the group when finalized.For more information please contact me at kelsea.stewart@ed.ac.uk

COVID-19 case count update for May 26

Hi all,  I've switched the graphic from a 28-day comparison period to a 14-day period. This will allow a more sensitive analysis of the trends in Durham Co. It also means that the single day spike in cases from Butner prison has washed out of the numbers since that was 28 days ago.  We still have not seen any testing data specific to Durham Co. which means we still aren't able to properly contextualize these numbers. But the trend is clearly a rising number of cases detected here. I have added a line chart as the bottom of the graphic, which shows how the period-over-period growth rate has changed over time. The horizontal line represents 100% growth (i.e. doubling) in the prior two weeks.  The upward slope of the line could be because local transmission has increased (could be very bad) or it could be because local testing efforts have increased (would be very good). Either way, all I can do is share the numbers and hope that we get testing counts soon.  Take care.
We locked down with very little cases which was very good but we didn't have mass testing. Opening up will allow the virus to spread like normal and we just slowed it down by 2 months.
As always, thank you for doing this. I think the rolling 14-day count makes more sense than the 28-day.  Hard to understand why we still can’t get the data on testing rates.
Does this include the antibody testing?  I know they have a drive thru open on guess road now.  If it includes antibody, then that person could have been infected months ago but just now testing positive.
This is just Durham city or the entire county?
You said that we don't have any county specific testing data, does this case count mean hospitalized patients?
Well we fucked that up. I thought I was in the clear.
>The upward slope of the line could be because local transmission has increased (could be very bad) or it could be because local testing efforts have increased (would be very good)  From what I've heard, but can't speak specifically to - local hospitalizations are currently at their highest they've been. This would suggest that despite any data skews from increased testing, local transmission has in fact increased and is quite possibly at its highest point so far.
Perhaps, but perhaps not. Without knowing the positive test rate, it's hard to say.
That was the point of the lockdown, right? Flatten the curve, remember?
Except we've had at least 10 countries and states go through this process ahead of us, and no prominent second wave has materialized in the vast majority of them.   Don't ask me why not, I have no idea. I'm as surprised as you. All I can say is, diseases don't really give a shit about statistical models.
Good question. I hope not. I will try and confirm.
They are not doing antibody test at the walgreen's drive through.  They use the abbott ID-NOW test, which has been accused of having a high false negative rate.
I can't imagine a positive antibody test would be counted as an active infection positive. But who knows.
County
No no. The numbers I'm showing are reported positive tests, whether they were hospitalized or not. What we don't have is the number of total tests performed. So while we can show total cases, we can't contextualize that number with the actual positive rate.
There's been a recent spike in both positive tests and % positive at Duke. Hopefully, it's a blip rather than a new trajectory, but I'm not optimistic given how people have been acting.
To your point regarding a lack of second waves: everyone throws out this 60-70% benchmark that we need to reach herd immunity when in reality, herd immunity is probably a moving target. Little focus is being paid to the fact that super spreaders are likely a massive source of initial exponential growth. Get those over with and then the R0 could theoretically plummet. We could very plausibly be in a scenario where this thing is already slowly burning itself out, depending on how bad the first wave was in a given locale.   You can see this when comparing NY with NC. Relative to each states' first case, NC acted much faster. But NY is currently seeing a free fall in new cases while NC is increasing. Both places shut down schools, office, restaurants...why are their first derivatives so different? Is it possible that NY has reached a point where exponential growth is off the table?  [This paper](https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2020/05/why-do-some-covid-19-patients-infect-many-others-whereas-most-don-t-spread-virus-all) is pretty eye-opening (emphasis mine).  >But in real life, some people infect many others and others don’t spread the disease at all. In fact, the latter is the norm, Lloyd-Smith says: “The consistent pattern is that the most common number is zero. Most people do not transmit.”   >That’s why in addition to R, scientists use a value called the dispersion factor (k), which describes how much a disease clusters. The lower k is, the more transmission comes from a small number of people. [...]  > They concluded that k for COVID-19 is somewhat higher than for SARS and MERS. That seems about right, says Gabriel Leung, a modeler at the University of Hong Kong. “I don’t think this is quite like SARS or MERS, where we observed very large superspreading clusters,” Leung says. “But we are certainly seeing a lot of concentrated clusters where a small proportion of people are responsible for a large proportion of infections.” But in a recent preprint, Adam Kucharski of LSHTM estimated that k for COVID-19 is as low as 0.1. ***“Probably about 10% of cases lead to 80% of the spread,”*** Kucharski says.
State a COVID fact that's not panic-inducing and you are downvoted. Welcome to r/bullcity.
Don't rule it out. Both [Virginia](https://www.richmond.com/special-report/coronavirus/virginia-misses-key-marks-on-virus-testing-as-leaders-eye-reopening/article_021e12c6-6d20-5030-9068-4caaeda495f7.html) and the [CDC](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/05/21/860480756/scientists-warn-cdc-testing-data-could-create-misleading-picture-of-pandemic) have combined the two tests in reporting in the past.
Can you share a link to the Duke positive test rate info?
Is this any specific Duke location or all Duke locations? They have offices all over central NC, so I'm curious where this data came from.
Yes, this disease has shown epidemiological models to be completely useless.  That said, what makes you think we can get the super spreaders "over with"? We don't know who they are in advance, I presume. I also presume there's no reason to think they have any different susceptibility than anyone else. Maybe I'm missing something.
Part of the issue from what I've seen is that some tend to interpret suggested measures of caution, or condemnation of lazy/irresponsible/selfish actions of citizens as panic inducing.   Emphatically defending mask wearing, for example, when best current data suggest that an encounter between 2 mask wearers is significantly lower risk than one person not wearing a mask - is not equivalent to being in a state of panic.  I don't think there's a need to panic, however there's definitely a need for some to take a step back from (for example) politically branding mask wearing  in a private retail location as some bullshit freedom issue when really it's a measure of courtesy for your fellow citizens - that even if not very effective is just really not much of an inconvenience.
Yeah, it's pathetic. Same people who tear their hair out in frustration at conservatives eating up Fox News propaganda, are gulping down their own version of it, and don't even realize it.  Remember these?  "The virus lives on surfaces for weeks!"  "People can get infected over and over again!"  "Young healthy people are dying, no one is spared!"  "Stay indoors, it's safer there!"  "You should not wear a mask!   "You must wear a mask!"  "You don't understand exponentials. By next week, we will have [checks notes] 20 trillion infections, just in New York City alone"  "We can't lift restrictions, the virus will just spread again. We must keep everyone out of work until we have a vaccine or they starve to death, whichever happens sooner."  People here are **furiously** defending obvious bullshit. I'm not saying everything the medical establishment is saying is wrong, it's just that a lot of it has been wrong, and much of it will continue to be wrong. But oh no, you can't say that in this subreddit. Forbidden. By people who think of themselves as tolerant.
https://imgur.com/a/FTSAeiF
If you're talking about the dashboard stats, the numbers are aggregated from all facilities that perform them (e.g., the 2 Durham hospitals, the Raleigh hospitals, primary and urgent care clinics, etc).
>That said, what makes you think we can get the super spreaders "over with"?   No, it's entirely theoretical. We can't control when and where those happen.  >Yes, this disease has shown epidemiological models to be completely useless.  Ah yes, like the "data" the NY Times is running showing how many lives we could have saved had we acted earlier. No, that's not data, that's modeling. The same modeling that told us we would have millions dead even *with* social distancing.
I can see that. I don't tend to respond to any of that unless it's accompanied by a "YOU'RE GOING TO KILL US ALL" tone. I wear a mask even though I am a skeptic at heart.  I just can't resist replying to the ignorant, the know-it-alls, and the doomsdayers.
> Emphatically defending mask wearing, for example, when best current data suggest that an encounter between 2 mask wearers is significantly lower risk than one person not wearing a mask - is not equivalent to being in a state of panic. >  >   I've seen very few people in this sub voicing an anti-mask argument. Perhaps I missed those comments but most people here seem pro-mask, even the non-doomers.  I have also seen what OP is pointing out: comments saying "we're doomed" get upvoted, comments saying "we're not doomed" get downvoted.
It's not just here. It's r/triangle, r/NorthCarolina, r/politics, r/Coronavirus. And it's not just coronavirus that's a groupthink topic.  I spend more time on r/COVID. Discussion of new papers and studies, with plenty of progressive perspectives, but discussed intelligently and respectfully. in almost every case. Also well moderated.
I don't even think the medical establishment carries any of this blame. They're just doing their jobs and trying to understand this thing. WHO and CDC get some bad marks for communication but same thing, they're just trying to do their jobs.  All of this falls on the media for running literally every preprint that carried awful, catastrophic implications about this virus, while ignoring anything remotely positive or optimistic. The reinfection story was particularly awful and has since been confirmed to be dead, non-infectious virus. But of course all people saw was "Korean patients tested positive a second time" and went immediately to worst case scenario. I knew that was BS the second I read the headline. So you're telling me in a country that supposedly has its epidemic under such control, these people manage to get it AGAIN!? C'mon.
Hyperbolists gonna hyperbolize.
Where are you getting this data from? Would love to monitor. Thanks.
Do these results include antibody tests? And how often are patients being "retested" as mentioned on the second graph?
Yeah, anyone can make a model of anything. Doesn't mean it's accurate. Usually when you examine how they're built it's nothing but guesswork, and tuning parameters even slightly gets wildly different results. The Ferguson model gave wildly different results **even with the exact same parameters**. And yeah, that's as horribly incompetent as it sounds.
/r/COVID19 is also good and gets a lot more traffic. Also the comments are very quick to point out what's actually news.
You're right that the media stinks, but at least everyone already knew that.  What they didn't know is that epidemiology is mostly guesswork. Those models turned out to be worthless. It's not really surprising right? As an academic, you can publish all kinds of models and theories, as long as no pandemic actually happens to prove you wrong, you can have an illustrious career. And I think that is exactly what's been happening - a lot of plausible theories with zero observational data to back them up.
YES! From one side, it's crucify Trump and from the other is crucify Cuomo. I don't think either has/has had an easy job.  No one seems to realize that the media, and we as a general population, have made the whole damn thing so political that every decision is as much or more about an election as it is about saving lives.  And we're an idiot race for not doing something about it.
It's an internal dashboard so you need to be part of the organization to access it.
They do include rapid (antibody) tests, though PCR tests still make up the majority of what's being reported.   I don't think I can filter out retests unfortunately, which may skew the figure down since likely cases are often retested if they initially test negative.
Totally. As my stats professor said, "all models are bad; some are useful."
That's the one. Mine was wrong.
That's science in a nutshell - a series of failed hypotheses  that persist until the evidence and experience gained from those failures steer the science toward a hypothesis that's proven correct. I wouldn't call the models worthless. As you've pointed out, there wasn't any underlying data to better hone those models at the beginning, so I wouldn't blame the epidemiologists for faulty theories when they had no foundational knowledge to work with. The models can be adjusted as more data about the virus's characteristics are revealed. But, yes, previous models should be more explicitly acknowledged as wrong as we learn more.
phooey
Don't get me wrong, epidemiology is hard. You can't really do any experiments at all.  It's the same as macroeconomics. A bunch of theory based on nothing, and actual data comes every few decades at best.  I just want people to realize these sciences have very little observational data to back them up, compared to sciences where it's relatively easy and quick to experiment.
I agree with you and hope my comment didn't come off as me thinking you were shitting on epidemiologists or the science. Like someone else mentioned, public attitudes toward the models and predictions have become very polarized (as portrayed by the media, anyway) and you either find the science to be sacrosanct and unassailable or complete and utter bullshit. IMO, the truth, as always, is somewhere in between. I wish the media thought highly enough of their audiences' intelligence to present just a small frickin shred of nuance.
Nuance is exactly what this sub lacks. I got downvoted just for saying that covid science has become a political football.   I don't think anyone really disagreed, they just didn't like that they weren't sure whose "side" I was on.

COVID-19 case count update for May 28

In addition to positive rate (or # of tests), I wish Durham county would publish a congregate living breakdown, like the state does here:  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/congregate-living-settings  The Durham map says that long term care facilities are driving the case values in 27705 and 27704 and that correctional facilities are driving the case values in 27509.  I guess that's all we'll get.
https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-in-nc-live-updates-for-may-29-2020/19119597/  >7:00 a.m.: Across the state, there have been more than 700 people hospitalized due to COVID-19. That's the highest number of hospitalizations since this pandemic began. State leaders are worried about the numbers, but hospitals across the Triangle said they are prepared.  >UNC, WakeMed and Duke Hospitals all say they have beds, PPE, ventilators and the capacity to handle a surge of cases. UNC is the only hospital in the Triangle with its emergency department tents still up -- Duke and WakeMed have theirs on standby.  I would like to hear more from the local and other state hospitals regarding their capacity for this
Not a great report. After a small drop yesterday, the rate of increase is now the highest it has been in our data sample.
Using the logic from government officials, it looks like we are ready for phase 3.
It's going to be ok.
I'm still befuddled by everyone seeing this and then calling for extended lockdowns. The lockdowns clearly didn't work. Phase 1 was for all intents and purposes no different than the stay at home order so it can't be blamed on that.  It's simple: stop the spread at the nursing homes. That's where this is coming from. Instead of shutting everything down for another month, it's time to get serious about protecting the elderly. Get the PPE into the nursing homes. Start testing nursing home staff relentlessly. Stop moving patients from the hospital back to the nursing home.  We are failing in this area. [42% of the deaths in the US have come from nursing homes, despite being only 0.6% of the population](https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2020/05/26/nursing-homes-assisted-living-facilities-0-6-of-the-u-s-population-43-of-u-s-covid-19-deaths/amp/?__twitter_impression=true). It's 63% in NC. The good news is, we can cut COVID deaths by 63% by focusing on just 0.6% of the population! [Why the fuck aren't we doing that?](https://abc11.com/careers/nc-workers-fears-over-covid-19-continue-/6217612/).   >Nursing homes account for more than half of the state's deaths, yet multiple workers claimed proper precautions were not being taken at many facilities, based on the complaints.  >"The new patients are not quarantined even though there is suspicion of them coming from another living area with active COVID-19," one nursing home employee wrote. "There is one senior with suspected COVID and supposedly under quarantine but is still seen walking the halls and the staff members interact with no knowledge of state in quarantine."  >A worker at another nursing home said they were forced to reuse disposable masks until they were no longer repairable, even while caring for patients in quarantine.  I'm so frustrated at seeing people acting like they're saving lives instead of taking the steps necessary to actually save lives.
This is anecdotal, but I spoke to a nurse from Duke this weekend and they indicated that the staff there feel prepared due to the time they've had during the lock-down. Gave them time to get enough PPE and training so they aren't scrambling to figure it all out while dealing with a glut of patients.
Phase 3 here we come!
Sharp upward bend 2-3 weeks after the reopening started. Not sure why anyone else expected otherwise.
Don't you want to mention hospitalizations? They're down.
Rate? You know test rate?
Local hospitals believe they are ready:  > 11 a.m.: Christian Lawson, Clinical Director of Emergency Services at UNC Health, said the hospital is ready to take on more coronavius patients as North Carolina's number of cases continues to grow. Lawson said PPE is more readily available now that China has resumed production.   https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-in-nc-live-updates-for-may-29-2020/19119597/
Isn't it great? I love how we elect them and trust them. Then we don't have to dwell here and panic.
No, it's important that everyone panics
> lockdowns clearly didn't work. Phase 1 was for all intents and purposes  That is completely incorrect, this virus has a 2 week incubation. NC isn't testing unless you are symptomatic. Look at the graph again that first drop in cases around May 10-11 is about 2 weeks after stay at home order went into effect, the recent upticks in cases starting around May 22 is 2 weeks after phase 1 started.  This shit is still going strong.
TL;DR I wholeheartedly agree.  What's even sadder is this-- February "facts":  1. Two million Americans will die. 2. It's broadly contagious through touch, food contamination, and droplets and the spread will be universal. 3. Masks are not helpful. 4. China's elderly were hit hardest and the most US deaths are in WA state nursing homes.  Today's reality:  1. FALSE. Imperial College model was a cobbled together guess by a man that was wrong about bird flu and SARS. It's bad, but not even close to that bad. 2. FALSE. The worst cases of spread are almost all in enclosed spaces with activities that support a droplet vector. Densely populated cities and a few isolated rural counties show strongest spread. Racial bias is observed. Vitamin D correlation. 3. Apparently FALSE/flip flop/unclear guidance, then finally broad recommendation. 4. NEVER A DOUBT AND STILL REMAINS A FACT. This is the only one that never changed.  Yet, Cuomo sends elderly to nursing homes and NC still has not taken strong enough action to contain it.  "it's the flu" proponents are called looney toons. I realize why, but consider how much closer to the flu's death count you get if you protect the elderly in nursing homes. How can we point at people that are "making up conspiracy theories" when we are ignoring a blatant fact right there in front of our noses?
to add on to your anecdote, this update:  >11 a.m.: Christian Lawson, Clinical Director of Emergency Services at UNC Health, said the hospital is ready to take on more coronavius patients as North Carolina's number of cases continues to grow. Lawson said PPE is more readily available now that China has resumed production.  >"In early March, it was virtually impossible to locate, source and secure PPE, despite working with contacts and using any and all options," Lawson said. "Ultimately, the market was empty...but now we have a steady flow into our inventory."  >UNC Health had put elective procedures and elective surgeries on hold but is starting to schedule those again while balancing an intake of coronavirus patients.
because we still haven't done shit about [containing the spread in nursing homes](https://abc11.com/careers/nc-workers-fears-over-covid-19-continue-/6217612/).   >Nursing homes account for more than half of the state's deaths, yet multiple workers claimed proper precautions were not being taken at many facilities, based on the complaints.  >"The new patients are not quarantined even though there is suspicion of them coming from another living area with active COVID-19," one nursing home employee wrote. "There is one senior with suspected COVID and supposedly under quarantine but is still seen walking the halls and the staff members interact with no knowledge of state in quarantine."  >A worker at another nursing home said they were forced to reuse disposable masks until they were no longer repairable, even while caring for patients in quarantine.  fix that and the cases, hospitalizations, and deaths will go down, regardless of reopening phase.
How much of that is due to increased numbers of tests, and testing capacity?   https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/cvs-opens-55-drive-thru-testing-sites-in-north-carolina/19119561/  Also, we flattened the curve to give our hospitals breathing room, [which they appear to have](https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/gstl6k/covid19_case_count_update_for_may_28/fs7dbt2/).
Hospitalizations are down? Not a part of the news you want to acknowledge?  And don't say it's just one day. That was the same deal as when it went up for one day.
Dear downvoter: what exactly is it you are downvoting? Yesterday it was news that hospitalizations were up. Today hospitalizations are not newsworthy? They are down to the lowest in three days.  What exactly is it we are doing here? Just propagating misery and fear?
That's not what they said.  Die in a fire.
Being ready to have to save lives isn’t the same as wanting to increase the amount of lives that need to be saved. Die in a fire
stop the spread in the nursing homes. everyone is so focused on looking like they're saving lives instead of actually saving lives that they're ignoring the fact that [42% of the deaths have come from nursing homes, despite being only 0.6% of the population](https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2020/05/26/nursing-homes-assisted-living-facilities-0-6-of-the-u-s-population-43-of-u-s-covid-19-deaths/amp/?__twitter_impression=true)
Our stay at home order in Durham was put into effect in late March, not late April
>Masks are not helpful.  The mask guidance early on was deceitful but also necessary to an extent. Health officials didn't want even more PPE hoarding. They should have just been honest from the get go. Make a homemade mask to cut down on droplets and save the medical equipment for healthcare workers.
Hospital admissions are the highest they’ve been all along.  And positive test numbers would increase with more testing, but positive *percentage* should stay fairly level.  It’s not.
It's like we all have the memory of a goldfish. The lockdowns were initially proposed to flatten the curve, not so that no one would get sick, or that no one would die, but to slow things down such that that no one would die as a result of crashing the healthcare system.   We've never even been close to crashing the healthcare system in the Triangle or anywhere in NC, but now that's no longer the narrative. The narrative is that no one can get sick anywhere, and that we need to stay locked down until we get to 0% mortality.  Self-satisfied tongue-clucking about people contracting a virus while going about their lives does nothing to move us forward out of this mess that we are in.
where did you hear that? Hospitalizations have been going up since late April. We have 200 more people hospitalized than we did on 4/30.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations
Still higher than the 10 prior to that.  Cucumbers taste better pickled.  Suck my dick.
Hey, I remember you. You have a lot of anger in your heart.
Yes. Meanwhile there are healthy adults on this sub afraid of going for a walk in the fresh air.
Yup, I forgot that month existed.
The local hospitals say they have the capacity to deal with the surges though, and that's what our initial shutdown prepared them for. I didn't think the goal of the shutdowns was to bring infections/hospitalizations to zero
Ok, but less than 1% of the population has been infected (assuming you even get immunity), the infrastructure is not in place to test and trace, and we don't have a cure.   The problem is not that "some people" might contract the disease, it's that the fears we had in February are still here. The only reason we "haven't come close to crashing the healthcare system" is precisely because we've been isolating. We haven't fixed any problems and are going to have the same problematic curve we had.   Flattening the curve is not the same as delaying the curve. We were supposed to use the two months to increase our capacity, increase our testing and tracing capabilities, and increase our understanding of (and ability to) social distance so that the curve would not be as sharp when we returned.  We barely increased our capacity and then said, welp jobs done.
Same data. OP measures cases without knowing how many tests and then says "rate is going up" and "it's a bad day". Everyone is panicking because they say it's a sign wave 2 is coming. It's too early for that but the sensationalism and failure to acknowledge that daily numbers are not the indicator. As you point out, it's the multi-day trend.  Hospitalizations are higher than a month ago, yes. Today's number is down by 20. This was my point. The day before yesterday, hospitalizations were all the rage in measures; now they are ignored.  A trend to higher hospitalizations is to be expected here since we slowed the rate but not stopped it. That's been the point of the lockdown.  Don't mind me; instead of being annoyed by all the people not wearing masks at WalMart, I'm annoyed by people that want to gloom and doom all the time.
There is also more and more evidence coming out that the virus is causing long term lung damage. That is the kind of shit that will make sure the next virus like this does kill you.
I don't think they are actually afraid. I just think they are bored and like to get excited on reddit. They probably then go right out to the grocery store to find people not wearing masks.
[Perception](https://imgur.com/4pSckLE) vs. [reality](https://imgur.com/DL5sIvJ).
Right...so nearly two months of stay at home and cases kept increasing. Tell me again how the lockdowns "worked"?
And prevent deaths.  Those getting hospitalized are at great risk for that.
The goal isn’t zero obviously, but the percentages of positives increasing along with the highest covid censuses at local hospitals is somewhat concerning.  Those numbers would be primarily from phase 1 based on timing, so curious to see what phase 2 does.
>The only reason we "haven't come close to crashing the healthcare system" is precisely because we've been isolating.  We were never going to crash the healthcare system. NYC got absolutely slammed, probably as bad as anywhere else in the world and their healthcare system never "crashed." It was placed under lots of stress but they never ran out of beds or ventilators.
uhh, we increased capacity from the get go, but that was NOT the reason. Flatten the curve means lower peak.
> We were supposed to use the two months to increase our capacity  >We barely increased our capacity  We increased hospital capacity though:  >UNC, WakeMed and Duke Hospitals all say they have beds, PPE, ventilators and the capacity to handle a surge of cases. UNC is the only hospital in the Triangle with its emergency department tents still up -- Duke and WakeMed have theirs on standby.  https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-in-nc-live-updates-for-may-29-2020/19119597/
Only 1% of the population has been tested. But something like 80% of the people who have it are asymptomatic. What would drive asymptomatic people to voluntarily get tested? The truth is that far more people have had it, and recovered, than are reflected anywhere in the numbers.   This virus is so deadly, such an automatic death sentence, that 80% of the people who have it don't even know that they have it. That's how scary it is.
*Can* cause lung damage. Like any other respiratory illness that results in pneumonia. It's a good thing then that the vast, vast, VAST overwhelming majority of people don't get pneumonia.
speak of the devil
i also don't think the reality of the long-term consequences has set in for most people. the excess cancer deaths, the mental health decline and suicide, the poverty. it's all still abstract whereas a COVID death is here and now.
I hate it when charts don't show the numbers as labels..
Because they isolated ... How was NYC (or anywhere in the US) supposed to fair better than the rest of the world without precautions?
You realize less than 20% of NYC was infected, right? The healthcare system didn't "crash" because Cuomo required hospitals to increase capacity by 150% and pushed them to increase it by 200%, NYC actually took the shelter in home order seriously. Even with the increased capacity, there was *zero* room for elective procedures and the death rate in the city was 6 times the normal rate, of which Covid-19 cases only accounted for around 75%. Beds and vents aren't the only problem.  And, let's stop fucking ignoring how bad pneumonia is even if you live. Cases that require hospitalization have an average decrease on life expectancy of nearly 10 years. Once you've had it, you're also more susceptible to get it again, and worse, for the rest of your life. We need to stop harping on the short term and recognize there is going to be a massive long term health problem from all of this.
You and your logic. Get outta here, man. Panic like the rest of them.
>  Flatten the curve means lower peak.  I thought that also meant pushing out the peak, so instead of our peak being in early April, we just pushed it out, to give our hospitals room to deal with the surge
People have forgotten their HS level calculus. The area under the curves is the same. Same number of cases, different length of time.
That was a reason... Isolation lowers peak one and allows time for hospitals to increase their capacity so that, in the worst case scenario, they can handle a higher peak two.  The primary reason is to lower the peak entirely, but you cannot do that by giving up half-way through without any means of otherwise slowing the spread and lowering the peak.  We just pushed the highest peak out two months.
Commas aren't periods ...   Distancing only flattens the curve if we do the things necessary to change how the virus spreads when we open back up. There are two ways to do that: (1) get your cases back down to about zero and get your testing up so that you can catch any new spreads; (2) find a cure so can stop spread. Increasing capacity is a backup that allows you to whether a second peak if your attempts fail.  We literally just out the back up in place and then patted ourselves on the back.
'A' surge.
ICUs at 84% capacity Hospital beds at 77% capacity  That's statewide.
This is bad stats and a lazy straw man.  Obviously estimated numbers are higher than confirmed case, but no one has suggested we are anywhere near the necessary herd immunity to have any impact on a second peak.  And where did I say that it was an automatic death sentence? A disease that spreads this fast doesn't need to kill everyone it contacts to be a pandemic or warrant response
RIGHT! I just don't get how people don't get how deadly this is that they don't even know that they have i....  Wait.  Are you say...  You mean...  Huh.... but pneumon...! wait. Can't even tell you had it?  Well, that's no fun. What am I gonna panic and rant about now?
What axis do you think is missing information?
They had the ship brought in and made field hospitals that barely saw any patients. Many of the deaths were from Cuomo forcing nursing homes to take covid positive people back in instead of using the thousands upon thousands of vacant hotel rooms.
I don't understand your point. All signs indicate that the virus was widely spread across NYC by the time they went into lockdown. Everyone was predicting a tsunami of hospital patients and no more beds and ventilators...never happened.
NYC also massively increased its death toll by sending patients back to the nursing homes. Don't do that. And stop pretending like everyone who gets COVID get pneumonia. The vast majority do not. A substantial percentage don't even realize they had COVID.  > We need to stop harping on the short term and recognize there is going to be a massive long term health problem from all of this.  I agree. Which is why we should start accounting for all of the cancer patients that are not being seen or diagnosed right now. Or the heart attacks that are riding it out at home. Or the poverty that will directly result in decreased lifespans.
Get outta here, man.  Go suck a dick like the rest of them.
It's all political. If people actually cared, they'd be screaming at Cooper to do something about the nursing homes instead of mocking MAGA protesters who refuse to wear a mask.
Nope, nope, nope.  A hypothetical hospital has 50 beds. Say 150 people are definitely going to get sick. Over five weeks, we wanted, ideally:  10 sick - 20 sick - 40 sick - 40 sick - 40 sick ... thus a "flat" curve to 150  and NOT  10 sick - 20 sick - 40 sick - 80 sick ... and thus over capacity  what makes it silly, though, in retrospect, as u/another_shill_accoun has pointed out, most of the deaths and serious cases were in nursing homes and have not been handled with the rigor we applied to the general population. It makes the hospital beds less relevant.
It ain't just integrals. People assume they know more than they do.
No. See my example above.  The navy hospital ship in New York has left. If wave two is going to be higher, why did it leave?  OMG. My face is figuratively blue.
> (1) get your cases back down to about zero and get your testing up so that you can catch any new spreads;  Sounds like you're changing the goal posts to me. I distinctly remember a lot of people were saying we need to do the shutdowns to give our hospitals the added ability and capacity to treat Covid patients. From everything I've seen, our local hospitals have that capacity to deal with any possible surges. I didn't see anything about getting our case counts down to zero
Or 3) we acknowledge that our initial understanding of this virus (2-3% fatality, exponential growth forever) was wrong (which is fine, it was scary and we didn't know much) and accept that it's not as bad as we thought (0.2-0.8% fatality, heavily skewed to the elderly; extreme clustering behavior in enclosed environments) and we adapt to those realities (test the hell out of nursing homes and give them PPE).
i want to see the exact number for each column rather than eyeballing. ie, i want labels for each column
> I agree. Which is why we should start accounting for all of the cancer patients that are not being seen or diagnosed right now. Or the heart attacks that are riding it out at home. Or the poverty that will directly result in decreased lifespans.  WHEN CASES SURGE THEY CAN'T SEE THESE PATIENTS. THAT IS THE ENTIRE FUCKING POINT. In areas where there haven't been surges in cases, they are still carrying out treatment. As more people ignore the fucking science and think "Oh, so what, only 20% of those infected get pneumonia bad enough to be hospitalized" then more areas of the US are going to be in a situation where they can't see or care for immunosuppressed or at risk patients. I have 3 family members going through chemo and radiation right now, and another close family friend with CF whose university has decided it's not a big deal and started opening labs up, so you can fuck right off with the idea that "opening the economy" is what's best for these people.
True. It's easier to claim mask-wearing righteousness and point out a single idiot than actually do something useful.
Flattening the curve is, and always has been, about slowing the spread of the infection (it's literally the curve referenced). Doing so keeps hospitals under capacity, but no one ever said "just do x for two months and then we can go back to normal."  Unless you get to a point where you can actually track and trace patients, you cannot stop the curve from popping as soon as people return to normal.   To be fair, that should say *new* cases, not cases generally, but it's always been about getting our growth rate down to near zero, if you can't stop the rate of change then you're not actually going to flatten anything.
Sounds like you need a dick to suck.
A) even the most rosy estimate studies are higher than an aggregate .2-.8% fatality  B) we still need to actually have a way to "test the hell out of the elderly" and control spread before we just go back to normal. When one cna can cause a large scale outbreak in a nursing home, you have to be able to track and trace to keep exposed staff out before they show symptoms.   This whole argument belies they point; you need an actual plan that's not just "people wipe down their cubes??" before you throw open everything. Maybe we do only need to focus on the elderly, but saying that doesn't support the current path anymore than it does locking down everyone until there's a cure.
I'm not even going to bother responding to your individual points because you're hysterical. You need to take a deep breath.
The longer we go with out working the worse its going to be. Mass homeless, no insurance, etc. We are heading towards a economic time that will make the great depression look like a bull market.
A) This is what the [CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html) has said. Other studies are in line with this.  B) [Florida is already doing this.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2020/05/26/nursing-homes-assisted-living-facilities-0-6-of-the-u-s-population-43-of-u-s-covid-19-deaths/amp/?__twitter_impression=true)
Sure thing, shill. My only regret is that you think I care about your response.
See, I already know you care though because you keep replying.  Also for someone telling people to believe the science you should read up on it yourself. Nowhere near 20% of people with covid get pneumonia. The fear has you brainwashed and incapable of believing anything that doesn’t tell you this virus is the end of society. I mean, it is but not for the reason you think.

After rules ease, North Carolina's 7-day average of new coronavirus cases hits new high

It's been 3 days since we began phase I of re-opening. That's now how this virus works.
We've also had a big boost in testing (something that should have happened BEFORE we opened stage 1).
Incubation period is 4-5 days and phase 1 started two days ago. Don't be a twat. This virus is serious without shit posters like you.
Agreed. How do we know if we are in a safe place to relax restrictions when we don't have testing enough to get a real idea of numbers infected
How do we even know we are in a safe place to begin lifting restrictions when we dont have enough testing to get a real idea of numbers infected?
I understand incubation periods. Just saying why are we relaxing restrictions if this is true..?
Most of the Phase I stuff seems like what we've been doing all along. "Takeout or curbside pickup from restaurants/breweries. No large groups. Etc Etc"
And I understand incubation periods.. My point is we should not be relaxing restrictions to begin with if this is true
You are right.. This is serious. People are dying  don't be a half wit douche bag. In a little over 3 months this disease has killed almost twice as many.. Just Americans...as died in over ten years of the Vietnam war. It is too soon here. Most medical professionals say so. The sooner you relax restrictions the more cases you will have at this stage. That is a fact. Do you know about those? In addition in many places people are not following what health recomendations are associated with the relaxed restrictions. We have no vacine or proven treatment. Several countries who previously rolled back restrictions are reinstating them because of significant increases in cases. This virus is serious enough without uninformed ass hats spreading their idiot opinions. I'll go with what the responsible Doctors and Health/Science professionals say.

FBI serves warrant on senator [Richard Burr] in investigation of stock sales linked to coronavirus

Good. If it was insider trading he should be punished.
Thoughts and prayers.
 Burr’s brother in law who also dumped stock at the same time? Appointed by Trump in 2017 to the National Mediation Board. Thick as thieves and they will all probably walk.
Seems like they just took his phone, which i'm sure he wiped beforehand. Burr is the master of seeming like he's allowing justice to be served (re: his entire Senate Intelligence Committee performance), maybe this is just another way to let the story die by making people feel like he didn't get away with it.
Lock him up!
And so it begins - using the Justice Department as a tool of retribution against the despot's political enemies.  Not that Burr isn't guilty of this.  The only reason they are pursuing this against only Burr is that he supports the intelligence community's report that Russian interferred in the 2016 election.  McConnell is trying to get him removed from the Intelligence committee.
Good, this man is a slimy chunk of shit.
And we are not going after anyone else who does this type of shit on the regular? There are a metric fuckton on people up there who do this shit. How else does a public servant become a millionaire besides marrying money. Even then, they use their political influence and ties to build their wealth further.  GET OFF YOUR SOAPBOX AND LOOK AROUND
He should but he won’t be. Unless the powers that be are displeased and have him slapped upon the wrist ever so gently.
Yes but other senators did the same thing. He's being targeted because he leads a committee due to release a report agreeing with the Mueller probe. If McConnell can replace him, a new chairman can cancel the report. This is solely about trump payback.
So did Diane Feinstein (D-CA)... and a whole host of politicians from both sides 🤗🤦🏼‍♂️
>i'm sure he wiped beforehand  He's not worried. He put it on Incognito Mode before he did anything sketchy. Just like the superhacker he is
Yep - this is the thing. Where's the warrant for Kelly Loefler? Burr is just getting this because the corruption he generally supports now has a way to get rid of him because he is an inconvenience in this instance. Burr is a slimeball of course, but this isn't going to make anything better.
Truth. Not that he’s innocent but he’s definitely the fall guy.
Yup look at what happened to Trumps other buddies this week.
Doesn’t matter if they are Independents, Democrats or Republicans, if they break the law he SHOULD be investigated. Nobody is above the law PERIOD. Let the chips fall where they may
THIS. Dictator is getting his revenge. Do not cross him.
They're not prosecuting the other senators who used inside information for their stock trades, especially Sen Loeffler who's married to the chairman of the New York Stock Exchange. They're only prosecuting Burr who was going to issue a report critical of Trump. This isn't justice. It's an abuse of the law.
Ok - I don't know the depth of the situation here but 2 things.   >She sold a very small % of her assets  Her net worth is enormous. In fixed terms, I am pretty sure this was actually more of a money dump than Burr.   >I mean, who would use insider info to only re-allocate 0.6% of their assets?  Well, it would depend on how your assets are allocated to begin with. This really doesn't tell me anything other than maybe she had a bunch in cash or pharma stocks or whatever else wasn't poised to tank from this.   IMO Burr's actions might be hard to prove as insider trading, however his clear awareness and actions (to his own benefit) regarding the situation and his abdication of duty in informing and acting on behalf of his constituents is what should be the real criminal act here.
Yeah, I see your point. Funny, when Martha Stewart got caught a few years back, I actually admired her for taking her jail sentence on the chin. She didn’t try to pull any strings just took it and did the time. Karma never loses an address tho ;)
I actually am not sure that Burr did commit insider trading - or that it will be easy to prove at least. Loeffler may have a stronger argument because her vast wealth obscures these transaction but in spirit they did the same thing.  IMO his argument that he acted on publicly available info is actually plausible, because at the point the trades were completed it was pretty clear to anyone paying attention that we were in for it. That's why my biggest concern, and complaint is regarding the ethical implications of him personally acting like this was going to be the shitshow it was, but not confirming to his constituency that he believed it was. That's the biggest failure of many in this administration. The refusal to adequately prepare. And it was a refusal - there was time, there were safeguards, there were options.

North Carolina Sees Highest One-Day Spike In Coronavirus Cases

Mayor Schewel shows up halfway through, suggests the uptick might be partially due to an increase in testing.
Passed by a food lion today, including myself there were only 3 folks with mask on other than the employees, it's insane outside
Didn't we also have the highest "spike" in testing as well?  ---  For my safety, and thanks to some of the info shared by Sen. Jackson, I'm watching the number of hospital beds:  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard  It's rising, but not exponentially. We have over 3,000 ICU beds in NC (this might have increased, it was the number at the beginning of the pandemic)
this is what happens when you think that a health crisis like a virus will end because you're bored and wish it was over  THIS SHIT AIN'T OVER
Hospitalizations at a new high.    https://i.imgur.com/xLnfgZK.jpg
I am self self employed and rent office space. The manager is opening up on June 1 and gave a list of things we have to do with each client. I felt that if I had to follow a list of rules that adds about 20 min per client then it's not really safe to be out.  I just broke my lease and will officially move out this week. I just can't pay rent indefinitely while this goes on. It sucks cause I just opened here in January.   I can work from home with some clients, it isn't a total loss, but I plan on seeing people in person next year or one a vaccine is available.   I really wish that my desire for income was enough to keep the virus away, but I can't let delusion be the reason to reopen.
Just as we begin reopening. Not a coincidence. Stay at home, friends.
More testing will equal more positive test. Just because you're positive doesn't mean you will be hospitalized and will die from it.
Fuck all of you stupid Americans. I'm ashamed to live in this country.
My wife works at a hospital in durham, they just started testing all inpatients, so it is going to cause an increase.  That said it is a "knowledge is half the battle" type thing.  Once we have a good grasp on the spread we can try to contain from there.
Great to have a mayor that understands simple critical thinking. Of course, he does not have to sell ads in his sensationalized articles.
Li Ming's is 100% masks, all properly worn. Great place to shop. But I'm still not willing to set foot in an American grocery store. :(
We're still a few days out from the real impact on hospitalization from when Phase 1 started. Average lag from infection to symptomatic is ~10 days, hospitalization is ~2-3 weeks, death is 4 to 5 weeks, and average length of hospitalization among survivors is 10-13 days. This means, the increase in hospitalization we're seeing now is just going to increase (imo) drastically in another 3 weeks when we start seeing the impact of places like Barbershops opening. [(Helpful chart that is about a month out of date)](https://www.cbc.ca/news/health/typical-covid-19-progression-1.5546949)  I used to work in a shop; it is impossible to socially distance and cut hair, and a busy barber sees around 100 clients a week on a good week. Now multiply that by how many chairs are in the shop. I'm watching old friends open their shops back up, and it is going to be an insanely busy week for them.  Starting Phase 2 this fast is going to be a mistake.
Covid hospitalizations are at their highest number in NC since this began.  Hold on to your butts.
If you look since May 1 it actually is exponential. As in, curves up from linear.
Well, we chose to react earliest, so we've slowed the rate the most. Flatten the curve = reach the peak the latest. Not entirely predictable but definitely explainable.
Symptomatic is 5-6 days lag. Too soon to tell.
Hospitalizations are also heading up.
The operative point right now is that actual hospitalizations are up. This is pretty distinct from the more testing = more positives theory. This just means flat out that more people are dangerously ill in real time. You don't need a test to be sick enough to go to the hospital.
Critical thinking down voted.  Listen to the epidemiologists because they're scientists!  But get your outlook from rando's on reddit.
You can move.
Does anyone know how/if these [free Labcorp tests](https://www.pixel.labcorp.com/covid-19) get incorporated into state or federal numbers?
The better metric to track is percentage of tests that are positive, which at this point is fairly steady (not increasing or decreasing).
And I saw someone walking at Target yesterday with a mask over her mouth, but her nose exposed...
I've noticed the same thing.
Also scored all-purpose flour there too, so 👍
Is that the one next to Atomic Empire?
>Starting Phase 2 this fast is going to be a mistake.  I don't disagree at all from a pure health perspective. But I'm sitting at home employed, doing just fine.
>We're still a few days out from the real impact on hospitalization from when Phase 1 started  Georgia, SC, TX and other states with similar demographics to ours opened up earlier though. By your reasoning, we should have seen a flood of hospitalizations in those states, [but that hasn't panned out](https://www.axios.com/coronavirus-cases-map-high-risk-states-8ceeaa05-cc07-4e8b-b9f4-df3a3315f143.html?utm_campaign=organic&utm_medium=socialshare&utm_source=twitter).   https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2020/05/how-florida-avoided-coronavirus-disaster.html   >Starting Phase 2 this fast is going to be a mistake.  Durham's mayor keeping salons closed while they're opened in surrounding counties, was a mistake. There's no really benefit; it doesn't work unless they're closed down across the state. I'm not sure what marginal benefit the mayor was supposed to see by extending the closings to June 1. He mentioned the rise in infection rates in the Latino communities, but there's no reason why he couldn't have doubled up on that outreach, while opening the phase 2 businesses.    Besides, [we can't do anything about churches](https://www.wral.com/coronavirus/church-event-at-durham-hotel-linked-to-coronavirus-patients/19035819/). Some of them have stepped up and said they would still be closed, but that doesn't stop others from packing in 100's of at risk parishioners all in the same building.
OMG we wanted to flatten the curve! We are peaking after everyone else! OMGOMGOMG.  What's your point?
If you look at hospital bed since 5/17, the growth has a power of less than 1. (i.e. rate is declining, curves down from linear.)  If anything, the time frame you cherry picked, it's what x^(1.25), if that?
Also nothing terrible concerning yet about that curve. Another weeks worth of data and then we can make some comments.
Critical thinking would acknowledge that right now it is actually worse because hospitalizations are at highest levels thus far in the state.  This isn't a reason to panic, or to stay inside forever, but it's clear that it's the worst that it's been so far in this state and that this isn't just a result of "more testing = more positives." So, acting with caution, as in - the same way we've needed to act for past few months, is rational. In fact, right now it's more rational than it was 6 weeks ago, no matter how impatient one might be.
Anders Tegnell and John Ionannidis are also epidemiologists but no one in this sub wants to listen to them because they're not telling everyone to stay inside forever.  The hysteria in all of the local subs is exhausting. /r/LockdownSkepticism is the only level headed place around these days.
Even better is to specifically look at the rate's average over 5-7 days because individual days can get odd fluctuations. There was an increase in rate over the past couple days as well (from near 6% to approaching 10%), but it's too early to tell if that's actually a trend yet. By the weekend we will have a better idea if the rate of positive cases is increasing or not.   Other good metrics to include are statewide hospitalizations and number of respirators/ventilators in use (these can be harder numbers to find because they aren't being tracked the same). But these are the things to watch out for healthcare facilities being strained.
Kinda... if we were only testing severe symptoms and the go to testing everyone, the rate would presumably drop. So long as no one says, "See? the rate is dropping so we're at herd immunity!" it's OK.
Which if you stop to think about it, isn't the worst thing. The masks have always been to protect others from our gross ass mouth breathing. Though if they sneeze, shits fucked.  The masks people are wearing (i.e. not N95 or better) do not protect you from inhaling coronavirus.
Yep!
Might as well be, you've ever been inside?
NC covid hospitalization reached its highest level yet on Saturday.  It's happening.
Come back in 1-2 weeks when we're seeing an explosion of covid all over the US and tell us again why we're wrong please!
It is amazing to me how here and the two other local subs, any reference to what is happening that isn't gloom and doom is downvoted.  I guess all the people that are anxious wrecks want to continue to be anxious wrecks and downvote any optimist/critical thinker?  I'm with you, man. Let's ride this downvote train together.
We aren't peaking after everyone. Numbers are being withheld. Some places haven't even started yet.
My point?  Fuck your own obstinate face.
Not getting that sort of rational thought here. Lots of cursing, namecalling, and panic.
Understand. I can't refute that timing might be better because hospitalizations are up.  Some were claiming it was because restrictions were lifted Friday (or so I read it that way). It's too soon to tell. One would think a rise in serious symptoms are at least a week out if due to lifted restrictions.
r/COVID is good, too. Discussion on both sides.
> But these are the things to watch out for healthcare facilities being strained.  There's this too:  https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/covid19/report-patient-impact.html#anchor_1587406849  "State Representative Estimates for Percentage of ICU Beds Occupied (All Patients)"
I saw Texas has charts showing hospitalizations, testing, fatality, etc.  The interesting thing is they break out antibody testing.  So far 80k+ tested they are at 3.9% positive which was shockingly low since I had assumed the people that would be first in line would be essential workers or those that had already assumed they were exposed.  We need better charts like theirs
Could you define severe, that kind of talk is not appreciated. Panic somewhere else bro!
The mask is about not infecting others, not preventing you from getting sick. It’s a public health measure.
Ummmm, symptom lag is 5-6 days. lol. Go panic someone else.
It went from about 500 to about 600, which is no where near overwhelming the system. Stop the fear mongering
https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/gqm8pz/united_states_report_lowest_number_of_covid/  In two weeks, we'll be told to "wait two more weeks"
Hey, I'm back. You're wrong so far because there's been no explosion (although you never defined it). See you next week.   RemindMe! One week   Sincerely,  r/bullcity hall monitor
You got it. Just please define explosion so we can discuss intelligently. If you'd actually like to discuss intelligently and not use words like "explode".  RemindMe! One week
Choo choo, muthafucka
Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity. It may take the form of "incessant, bad-faith invitations to engage in debate".  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sealioning  quit whining  wanted to take a quick look at your post history and wow it's more crying about curse words and reddit users not meeting some arbitrary minimum Decorum level so you're clutching your pearls.. What a shocker.
I had not heard that about their positive tests. That's really low.
If we were only testing people who had covid symptoms at first, then suddenly started testing every inpatient regardless of why they are there, then you'd be testing lots of people that did not have covid. The extra negative tests would look like the rate was going down.  Not panic, just thinking about what her comment might mean for assumptions.
Easily the worst public health messaging in the entire Covid-19 story has been where masks are concerned and this approach (i.e.  that wearing a mask helps others not you) is a terrible sales pitch (and just look at the result) and actually just scientifically wrong. The question is one of probabilities both for spreading and contracting.  If we could redo any part of the public health communications around this I would choose masks. This has been so colossally screwed up and at every level with the result that few are listening anymore.
Agreed. Pretty sure that’s what I said.
I'm pointing to phase 2 from the 8th and the ruling on the 17th allowing churches to do whatever the Fuck they please, cleetus.  Ignore how the numbers track, its cool.
I stated a fact.  Cups dont overflow until they do.  Moving up is worse than moving down, especially when mouth breathers congregate by the 1000s at races, fill churches, beaches, pools, and parks and think they aren't impacting others.  Stop being a moron.
if you don't like the masks, you're going to hate the ventilator.  check the comments, on your link, it's mostly stuff like this:  "Only problem is, Summer is now officially here, and unlike the flu, this coronavirus does not seem to be bothered by the warmer weather.  People will see this news and let their guard down. They're doing it anyway without the news. This weekend, if anything, gave a very false sense of confirmation that the pandemic is over. When in fact, it is far from over.  Sadly, I expect the numbers to jump up again in two-four weeks because of this weekend and days going forward as people wrongly assume the virus cannot survive the Summer months."  I'm not the only one trying to warn people against running out like idiots thinking there is no more threat.
I can skip the waiting and tell you to go Fuck yourself now if you like.
LOL ok man see you in a week, and each week after. keep coming back.
There is a 16.0 minute delay fetching comments.  I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-06-09 16:28:02 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-06-09%2016:28:02%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/gqoh55/north_carolina_sees_highest_oneday_spike_in/fsndy03/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fbullcity%2Fcomments%2Fgqoh55%2Fnorth_carolina_sees_highest_oneday_spike_in%2Ffsndy03%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-06-09%2016%3A28%3A02%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20gqoh55)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
https://i.imgur.com/qg7LmB5.jpg oh word?  https://i.imgur.com/ZVTD0DC.jpg oh word??????  https://i.imgur.com/1FqT13x.jpg ohhh word  see you in a week
south carolina https://i.imgur.com/LbJfpex.png
Who the fuck elected you as the /r/bullcity hall monitor?  I'll describe this country's incompetent failure however I want. It's an explosion of preventable infections and deaths, whatever rosy language you'd prefer I'd wrap it up in -- it's the same fucking point. The president's rotten, fetid diaper by any other name would smell as sweet.
There is a 17.0 minute delay fetching comments.  I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-06-02 15:43:23 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-06-02%2015:43:23%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/gqoh55/north_carolina_sees_highest_oneday_spike_in/frvp0mz/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fbullcity%2Fcomments%2Fgqoh55%2Fnorth_carolina_sees_highest_oneday_spike_in%2Ffrvp0mz%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-06-02%2015%3A43%3A23%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20gqoh55)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
Oh. TIL.  What do you call hanging out where there is a prevailing opinion about something unproven and avoiding supporting your sensational claims by calling other people names?  If I'm not worth your time, don't reply.
Fair enough. Sorry for misunderstanding
Phase 2 on the 8th? What am I missing?
The virus replicates in people.  All viruses do that.  THe reason why seasonal flu is a thing because in the cooler months people travel (and stay inside).  The spike is actually december.  What happens in December?  Yes Xmas travel.   So the warm weather pushes people outside, but now there is nowhere to go.  I think the lockdown is making it worse to be honest.  We are just delaying the inevitable.  There are NO good solutions.  Obviously slowing the spread is good for my good friend who is a hospitalist on the COVID ward.  However, it sucks for the rest of the country because what would have been over in 1-2 months with high mortality, will draw out for 2-3 years with economic collapse.    As I mentioned before there is no good choice, and Steve is balancing as best he can - economic collapse of Durham (with plummeting healthcare insurance, don't forget that), and a handful of deaths due to COVID.
This guy is intelligent and interested in a solution and not panic.
Glad you came back. Seriously.  The deaths chart (#1) is a concern. Hard to get too excited about the other two without knowing if testing is increasing. If the number of tests stayed the same, then they are a problem. If they're just a result of extra testing, then no conclusion can be drawn.  See you in a week.
That image doesn't help unless I know how much they've tested. 2x the tests will be 2x the cases.  So I went to their website. Halfway down the page they have percent positive. It has doubled since they opened up on May 4. That's concerning, but it's only a \~15 day doubling rate.  It all depends upon your definition of explode. I'm not aware of their hospitals being overwhelmed. That's the point of the lockdown and phased opening.
You do realize that multiples "fuck"s do not add anything, right?  Why would you assume I think Trump isn't a weak leader that could have done better? It would be hard to claim a level-headed, scientific-minded guy that wants to draw my own conclusions if I did not see his shortcomings.   Explosion of preventable deaths? You mean like keeping subways in NYC open too long or sending COVID patients to nursing homes where 60% of the deaths occurred (more deaths than the entire state of Florida, by the way)? Trump had nothing to do with that.  Or, I can ignore the numbers and just drop a few F-bombs between calling you names but I doubt that'll convince you.
Phase 1.  Mistype.  A cluez fir one.
Looking at Sweden, their quicker herd immunization plan didn't pan out so well. If we didn't care about moving the death rate to 8% getting over it quicker seems like a practical option.
This is a very ignorant Fox News-tinged statement.
About 1 week for incubation, another week to develop symptoms, get tested and then get results. This would also be the incubation for all the contacts, plus 1 more week for symptoms etc. Although peaks start getting huge when the third generation appears.
https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/09/health/us-coronavirus-tuesday/index.html  well perhaps if half the states were not intentionally undercounting infections and calling everything "pneumonia" or "sun lung" or whatever we could have better charts :).   "It all depends upon your definition of explode."  Don't be impatient, I'm sure you'll see soon enough.  "I'm not aware of their hospitals being overwhelmed."  https://www.cdc.gov/nhsn/covid19/report-patient-impact.html watch this space. I didn't say it was going to go from 0 to fucked in 24 hours. It takes time for people to realize they are infected (~1-1.5 weeks after exposure) and for their condition to worsen enough that they need to go to the hospital (another few days beyond that.)  We're already seeing the rates increasing, and we're also seeing stuff like this: https://www.wsoctv.com/news/local/north-carolina-car-race-draws-thousands-after-dubbing-itself-protest/I5YTLFXIYFCXJMKLOFLUECMAUM/  what do you THINK is going to happen?  This is no "phased reopening" this is "OPENERUP BOYS! COVID IS DONE!"
Ah yes the morality man is here to whine about his delicate sensibilities being offended by a dirty word.  The president and his son in law have actively been interfering with states receiving shipments of masks, ventilators, and other PPE/medical equipment.  The president and his son in law waited TWO MONTHS to actually spring into action, instead wasting all the time griping about how this was all a "democrat hoax."  And now you're here to muddy the waters and cast blame on everyone but our incompetent Fail King president.  Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense, the federal government owns the fiasco, Graskn. Even if it makes you sad.  edit:  Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity. It may take the form of "incessant, bad-faith invitations to engage in debate". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sealioning
Idk about overall mortality but it looks like their total # of cases per day is not dissimilar to NC.  I'm not suggesting it's a good idea but it is AN idea.  Lots of ideas out there.  Good, bad, etc.
How so?
You have three of us to come back to discuss with you in two weeks.  You just need to define the threshold for "explosion"... your word.
Thanks for the references. I like getting a different perspective.  You're right that it will take a while for hospitals to start being stretched. There is 25% excess capacity right now, according to the NC site. We are on a steady uptrend, which *I* do not call an explosion, BUT it also means that if we maintain it then hospitals will reach capacity and that is a problem. Protesters seem to be wearing masks but I can't imagine that won't make things at least a little worse, too.  https://covid19.ncdhhs.gov/dashboard/hospitalizations  I agree states are undercounting by CDC guidelines. However, unless they have changed, the CDC guidelines are basically: if it even smells faintly of COVID, call it COVID. Look at the chart on this page. Excess deaths are trending down (albeit still above normal):  https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess_deaths.htm  I think that if it was "open up boys" then we'd see a change in the hospitalization and %positive rates. So far it's just a steady line. I actually believe this is because either 1) people are being more responsible than you assume or 2) it's not quite as contagious as we assume (for some reason that I could not speculate about).
Hey, I just asked you to define "explosion" so we can see if you're right in two weeks and can back all those "fucks" up. You brought up Trump.   Or, it's just hollow trash talk... all good. Works for Trump, too. We can leave it at that.
...the lockdown is making things worse? really? It's like, the one thing saving our collective ass. Maybe high mortality is fine with you because you don't have vulnerable people in your life that you want to protect, or perhaps you view strangers in a reductive, disposable sense and don't care what happens to the rest of us because to you we aren't actually real. However, just about every person you consider expendable to fit your narrative is a person who wants to live. Not to mention, the whole purpose of quarantine is *NOT* to prevent us from getting the virus. I think it's been pretty clearly stated that we are all gonna get it at one point or another. The quarantine is slowing the spread so that as many of those theoretical humans you don't care about have the best chance at survival. So that the hospitals are not overrun and the need for care greatly exceeds the capacity. That doesn't just affect those with the virus. That affects anyone in need of care at the hospital for any reason. Are you sure you are ok with that? Grandpa had a heart attack but can't get an ICU bed. You get in a car wreck but there is no unit bed or surgery for that broken leg for 48 hours. Just imagine that pain. Your kid falls off their bike and gets a concussion but can't get seen at the ER for a whole day or more. What if it winds up being a brain bleed and imaging is too backed up because of sicker patients? You think that's an acceptable risk to put on others because of the economy?    The economy problem is not going to go away with lockdown. There is no vaccine. The risk is still there and people know that. The problem is that people are not safe and they know that. Some people are willing to take a risk but most are not. The economy is not going to be repaired until people feel safe to venture out again. Perhaps we could have stemmed that tide if we had initially had a better response to the virus. But we didn't. So now there is no other *ethical* option here. Saying we should just let the chips fall where they may because the economy *might* recover is such poor, unproven reasoning. If we look to other countries who followed this strategy we can see that (surprise, surprise!) their economy is shit too. So there is no guarantee if we were to allow "high mortality" as you call it to happen it would even benefit the economy.    Have you ever heard the term "rhinovirus?" It means nose virus. It is the name for the common cold. It replicates in your nose in temperatures between 91-95 degrees. Guess when those temperatures are most likely to be favorable? Cold season doesn't happen because of Christmas. It happens in the winter because that's when conditions are most favorable for viral replication in our nose. This condition exists regardless of whether people are traveling. I would argue that hot weather such as experienced over much of the country in the summer time does not push people outdoors. On the contrary, they spend 3 months escaping the heat most of the day in air conditioning. I know I certainly avoid going outside most days when summer is in full swing. This is why social distancing is important. To keep people from congregating together indoors and to an extent, outdoors too. Go look at any graph anywhere for places affected by coronavirus and note that the implementation of social distancing is not associated with spikes in infection rates. It is not making things worse as you say. It is keeping people alive.    This virus is really highlighting that a lot of people simply don't have a single collective thought in their heads. These precautions aren't really about you (royal "you"). They are about protecting others and indirectly that protects you too. It's not about the risks you are comfortable with for yourself. It's about how your actions directly affect others. It's like a huge thought experiment to see who can grasp the idea of community, good will and showing compassion, respect and empathy towards others and I gotta say, a disappointingly large amount are failing miserably.
I guess the only question is, will there be a measurable 2nd and 3rd peak.  In the Spanish Flu a few things happened which made the 2nd wave so much worse.  1)  Troop movements from the U.S. to Europe was a huge transmitting factor.  Nowadays we do have some air travel but it's down 90%, people are wearing masks, etc.  Back then it was 1000+ people to a ship, for weeks on end.   2)  THe virus actually became much more contagious, from everything I read.  In the first wave, it wasn't that contagious, but it mutated in the U.S. to become much worse.  So the thing we are all wondering, if there will be a 2nd wave and will it be horrific like Spanish Flu.  (i have my own thoughts but i'll leave them aside).
News for 11-June  https://www.wjcl.com/article/it-s-serious-south-carolina-sees-worst-spike-in-covid-19-cases-since-pandemic-began/32826669#  Most positives yet in SC.  https://www.msn.com/en-us/health/medical/arizona-hospitals-at-83-capacity-elective-surgery-may-stop/ar-BB15jpJV https://www.vox.com/2020/6/11/21286431/coronavirus-arizona-covid-19-cases-deaths-navajo-nation  Arizona surging and about to hit ICU capacity  https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/11/health/us-coronavirus-thursday/index.html  US deaths likely to double by September
Yes, you pedantically want me to define the word explosion for you. When you could go to literally any source, such as this https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/us-map, and see for yourself that we have certainly not peaked in new infections. You could then go to literally any news source and see videos of people crammed into swimming pools and bars shoulder to shoulder.  Doesn't take a (fucking) genius to understand what "explosion of new cases" means in that context. So again, you're just being a pedantic troll trying to annoy people.
Okay.  I'm a biomedical scientist.  Much of what you said about rhoniviruses is just flat wrong.  Please research on Pubmed about viral transmission.   Please show citations showing that outside air temperature has anything to do with viral replication.    Second, Dr. Fauci and I are in agreement, we need to open the economy (Graduatelly of course, like we are doing) for the simple reason that, because our country is fucked up and has health care dependent on employment, the longer this drags on, the more businesses will go under, the more people will lose healthcare, the less treatment they will get. It's not like we can remain locked down for 1-2 years waiting for a cure.  A cure will not come.  It doesn't exist.  There are over 100 vaccines in trial, no doubt some will be available.  However this is a RNA virus, it mutates quickly (because reverse transcriptase).  So at best some % of protection will occur but it will never be 100%.   This will become a seasonal virus, mimic influenza and adding to the burden.  We will never be completely safe from this virus, sorry to say, because it mutates.    To give you an actual real example.  Patient with leukemia (friend is an oncologist).  Due to COVID lockdown they lost their job.  They are now forced to pay out of pocket for leukemia treatment.  The hospital has run out of charity care funding.  So that's actual real life.  The hospital is UNC.  I mentioned there were no good solutions, but the fact is we are now in a very very deep hole, I don't think our country will recover from this.  We will have trillions added to debt, we are at double digit unemployment (well over).  We will see non COVID induced mortality due to lose of benefits.    I didn't say "Open up the economy because I love making money on the back of my slaves".  I said we are in deep shit, and there are no good answers.
I read them.  I wish these articles would comment on test rates. You can't tell anything about spread without them. SC is seeing an increase in % positive and that would be a problem if it keeps increasing but it's still not the best measure. Note that SC is right now at 11 deaths/100K population and we are at 10/100K, so we're not that different, yet.
>peaked in new infections  What do you mean-- that there will be more cases? Why would I bother to argue that? Infections were increasing even during lock down. Of course they will continue.   The log chart on that same page shows a lower slope. Do you understand what that means?  Explode is a broad term. Do you mean double? Go back to the rate in mid-March when we didn't even know the rate because we didn't test enough?  You use pedantic very precisely, so I know you're smart. Why not define explosion? I'm happy to risk coming back with egg on my face for challenging you. Prove me wrong!  Edits:typos
...I didn't say outside air temperature. I said the temperature inside your nose, which is affected by air temperatures. Noses get cold and frostbitten faster than other body parts, aka, they are cooler than other body parts, and moreso in cold weather, which provides an ideal replication environment. We literally call it a cold, because folk wisdom caught on that being cold was the predecessor often enough to getting sick to make that connection. Then we spent years debunking it and now have research to show that the connection was real after all. I'm not going to play a citation game with you. Google it. If you are a scientist as you say you are then this should not be an issue. I am aware that there are other factors related to transmission such as droplets which of course makes proximity a factor (hence, SOCIAL DISTANCING!!!). You specifically said the reason cold and flu season was a thing was because of Christmas travel which, sure, is a factor. It is not the only factor.    Real life is that our country doesn't value human life and using that as an argument to put larger numbers of people at risk is foolish. Do you honestly think your friend who is immunocompromised from treatment would be faring better in a situation where our entire medical system is overwhelmed with virus? How would that work for them if they became neutropenic or developed a side effect from their chemo requiring hospitalization? Do you think they will get the care that they need in a medical facility completely overwhelmed with covid cases? Do you think they are safe seeking treatment from such a place when they are immunocompromised? I'm truly sorry for your friend. It's a horrible story. I'm horrified that folks are losing their insurance because they are losing their jobs. That's real life too. However, there are some safety nets. For one, COBRA which is expensive as shit but probably not as expensive as paying for chemo out of pocket. There is also medicaid. I'm not saying it's enough by any stretch, nor does that make any part of any of this situation ok. We need way better social supports. This virus has highlighted the glaring failures in our system. Advocating for getting this over in a month or two in an attempt to avoid addressing those problems won't set us up better for next time. It's a short-sighted solution. And I still fail to see how this would ultimately benefit your friend. The real problem is that we need a safety net and we've got an orange dufous in office trying his hardest to convince us we don't. That the virus is fake. Trying to censor social media. Turning away test kits. Dragging his feet on the manufacture of PPE. Directly contradicting Fauci. *Telling people to put disinfectant in their bodies*... and people did. Getting rid of government departments that would have come in pretty handy right now. Dismantling healthcare. That's the real problem we need to address. We were failed. Majorly. 100,000 of us essentially killed by negligence. That's what we need to focus on. Opening the economy will not fix that.    I'm not arguing any of your points about recovery and I have my own feelings about what will happen to us from a freedom and social standpoint after all of this is over. We are in a huge hole. We all know this. Making it bigger with loss of life does not make the problem go away. As I already said, I am not under the impression that the end game here is I don't get the virus. As an immunocompromised person I know it's inevitable for me and everyone. I know that at best we will have another flu vaccine in terms of efficacy. It will never be 100% and I never said it would. But I like my odds better with the vaccine. I didn't say we shouldn't open up, I don't have a problem with opening gradually following the infection trends and using science to guide us. I don't know where I ever said we should lock down indefinitely, or gave any numbers. I was responding to your statement that we should have just "gotten this all over with in a month or two" and your seemingly callous acceptance that high mortality is ok. It's not. And neither is staying locked down forever. I've been locked down personally since December myself and let me tell you, I AM SO DONE. I want my freedom just as much as anyone else. But unlike most folks, it will be quarantine as usual for me as the rest of the world moves on. I know exactly how hard this is. I've been at it longer than many. I am not blind to the mental, emotional and personal toll this sort of isolation takes on people. I want out just as much as anyone. I don't relish the idea that others are experiencing a slice of this hell. But I do want to live and I am certain that the vast majority of people do too.
https://i.imgur.com/1mMsOv4.jpg
also https://i.imgur.com/zxufvRx.gif
https://covid19.healthdata.org/united-states-of-america/north-carolina
Your other sources were good. I could not argue too much about what they were measuring. Your points were valid.  This one is silly. No one can forecast to the end of Q3. Not even Imperial College and U of Washington got have gotten anything right past just a couple of weeks. The more recent data is more realistic.
Oh it's definitely a shit projection, I'm curious to see how accurate it turns out to be.
https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/1273973204047069184
It's amazing how much shit you have to wade through to get the truth. Re: Arizona, who do we believe?  [https://twitter.com/KurtisCicero/status/1270028582044102662](https://twitter.com/KurtisCicero/status/1270028582044102662)  It turns out they're adding serology positives to the case count. Really? So, I followed this lead.  [https://ktar.com/story/3249719/azdhs-covid-19-hospitalizations-up-but-most-beds-in-use-by-other-patients/](https://ktar.com/story/3249719/azdhs-covid-19-hospitalizations-up-but-most-beds-in-use-by-other-patients/)  Elsewhere the news reports 20-24% of ICU beds available in a article about COVID, but they fail to mention that only 22/33% of the beds taken are COVID patients. Their lead hospital official said, literally, "not a crisis of care".
 [https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/hdqz7q/update\_heres\_the\_situation\_with\_covid\_in\_nc\_sen/](https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/hdqz7q/update_heres_the_situation_with_covid_in_nc_sen/)   % positives are flat, per Senator Jackson. This means the rise in cases are due to increased testing. This was one of my previous points.  Then, regarding hospitalizations, he says, "we need to make sure we are measuring people who are hospitalized *for* COVID, not *with* COVID."  Just like Arizona. More people are headed to the hospital for non-COVID procedures now. It's driving up utilization.
https://twitter.com/studentactivism/status/1274008086412431362  better not let anyone in from florida!  edit: florida governor seems to be saying we only need to worry about mexicans https://twitter.com/aileenwthenews/status/1274016650950512640 seems racist rather than scientific but what do i know
https://i.imgur.com/ZaFJEHA.png
He may be racist.  I prefer not to assume that to start with.  Finding out if, e.g., the educational literature is not being read by migrant workers because it's all in English, or finding out that they mostly work for corporations that don't provide PPE... might be good example of why this is an important fact.
I think you know by now I don't take cases at face value :)  Reason 1) hard to tell anything about rate without % positive and full context Reason 2) you can decide to do radically different [and wrong] things if you interpret things incorrectly.
ah yes we should give the governor of florida unlimited free chances to prove that he is not actually racist and not listen to the dog whistles. Like when the customs and border patrol talked about they lost exactly 1,488 immigrant children---not a reference to white supremacist symbology--just an accident right?
I prefer to keep this about COVID and not about race, but I hope I can ask one thing without turning our conversation:  If there's a chance we're not treating migrant workers fairly, should we not address it? It seems like writing DeSantis off as a racist and moving on might miss a big problem.  If we try to solve Florida's issue without knowing what the problem really is, we won't solve it.
https://twitter.com/paulkrugman/status/1274659201382563840
Paul Krugman? Ever consider that your sources are all from one extreme side? I don't believe I've never sent you a Fox News link.
Lol sorry that the entire republican party at the moment is focused on minimizing anything potentially negative to The God Emperor that could hurt his election chances.  Honestly I absolutely would reference a Republican -- I just don't see any putting out anything other than propaganda focused on making mask-wearing a political issue, or talking about how nasty China is.
We agree on protecting trump.  I'm not citing repub references. I think everything I've sent has been from more centered sources like the CDC.
I just don't think Paul Krugman has any vested interest in lying about COVID-19. I get that the CDC and other medical/scientific sources are more careful about their terminology and back up claims with peer reviewed data, but I'm not going to focus on scientific journals. I get that the virus is still very new and tons of research is ongoing--I'm more focused on what is actually happening in American society. Other countries seem to have done more to fight, we've given up. Doesn't take a Ph.D in immunology or epidemiology to know what happens when we just decide to 'Open 'er Up' against medical advice.
https://twitter.com/albamonica/status/1275049147712839680  open 'r up
I don't know that \*most\* of us necessarily have a vested interest in believing the things we do. It's a fact that most white rural people are going to tend Repub and most inner city minorities are going to tend Demo, for example.  I initially engaged with you because I wanted to prove you wrong. Now, it's as much to hear to your point of view as anything. None of these problems are easy to understand or solve.  Krugman stays on one side, all the time. I'm not interested in listening to people like that. I'd be more interested in listening to a pro-choice Christian or a NRA-member gay person. At least I know they choose their personal priorities and not some generic political platform. It's a sign they actually \*think\* about what they believe and not just conform to family and friends.
 [https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/heekaz/durham\_co\_covid19\_case\_count\_update\_for\_jun\_22\_15/](https://www.reddit.com/r/bullcity/comments/heekaz/durham_co_covid19_case_count_update_for_jun_22_15/)   Oh yeah!!!! Hope it continues.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Dallas/comments/heeu08/weve_run_out_of_covid_hospital_beds_and_a_patient/ it begins....  I agree there is no easy solution here. I'm a chemist and have no medical degree or anything..but I can see a clusterfuck approaching and I also see that it has turned into a political battle. Whole lot of people going to die because of this.
https://i.imgur.com/hpWoV6y.png
Lol. I am a chemist, too. I noticed your username immediately but didn't bother to ask.
Excess deaths are at a normal level, or thereabout. Does not jive. My info is from the CDC. Granted, we are now deviating up from "normal'.  [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess\_deaths.htm](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess_deaths.htm)  Daily deaths are 25% of what they were mid-April. This is with New York's deaths... many of which were in the high-risk demographic in nursing homes. Put another way ... the entire country's deaths/day is now averaging less than what New York averaged on it's peak day.  [https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus/country/united-states?country=\~USA](https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus/country/united-states?country=~USA)  No extreme left sources there, no anecdotes from a nurse.  Texas' ICU capacity was at \~75% three days ago. This isn't much different than here. Maybe there are hot spots. I can't imagine people are coming in so sick that they can't transport them somewhere else to level the occupancy with nearby hospitals.   [https://www.nbcdfw.com/news/coronavirus/covid-19-hospitalizations-set-records-9-days-straight-as-texas-surpasses-107k-cases/2392525/](https://www.nbcdfw.com/news/coronavirus/covid-19-hospitalizations-set-records-9-days-straight-as-texas-surpasses-107k-cases/2392525/)   edit: added source for Texas ... NBC no less!
Cases. Show me rates or hospitalizations.  Everybody catches more fish when they spend more time fishing.
https://i.imgur.com/uFvpLRb.png  NBC is not a "liberal" news network.
I do admire your persistence at ignoring all trends in favor of those that suit you, and your unwillingness to just admit that you were wrong. This all started because I said that due to people not taking coronavirus prevention measures seriously things would "Explode." You set a weekly reminder to come back and talk shit to me, and look what has happened. Now you're back to "depends on what the definition of explode is" and "well that's just cases, show me lagging indicators that haven't yet responded!"  Sure, man, some people may not die. But they may very well end up with permanent health problems as a result of the infection.  This wasn't something I wanted to "win" but IMO I have been proven right. Texas and other states are starting to realize they've fucked up--but the peak is far from here. Florida reported 10,000 cases in ONE DAY! To argue "well that's just cases, show me hospitalizations!" is disingenuous.
The charts have exploded. You're right. We can be done now if you'd like.  I don't care to argue with you about "explode"; I had hoped to change your mind about how "fucked" we were or whatever it was that you said.  I'll leave one more fact that you can dispute if you want, or, since it is technically off-topic and "disingenuous", it's still a win for you, regardless:  &#x200B;  > "well that's just cases, show me lagging indicators that haven't yet responded!"   You linked some South Carolina data a couple of weeks ago. I linked the NYT tracking below. Halfway down, adjacent to one another, are the deaths chart and the cases chart. One month after the inflection point of cases, the deaths data is dead flat. In the SCDHEC link, they say hospital beds are at 71% capacity, with 13% being occupied by COVID patients.   [https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/south-carolina-coronavirus-cases.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/south-carolina-coronavirus-cases.html)    [https://scdhec.gov/infectious-diseases/viruses/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19/hospital-bed-capacity-covid-19](https://scdhec.gov/infectious-diseases/viruses/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19/hospital-bed-capacity-covid-19)   But you're right, strictly defining a significant increase in cases, without looking at any of the implications that make it actually important to measure, you were dead right. I lose.  I promise I'll read your response, but I'll not reply. I sincerely hope you and those you love remain healthy and safe.
Same back to you.. stay safe.

